126
4 millions could be deborated with certain
Natl Bk but the old rule of appointment
would not be followed but the day could
abstain in his desertion.
I also signed a letter to Anderton saying
he had probably refused to allow him
close to give out information as to any
receipt from District.
Later I sent a letter to each Natl Bk in
District asking for surplus. Then was now
written to Rigg Bk & I asked Hamburn to apply
wellknown rule he thought we should write
it also & he replied Yes.
May 1
That of Court of Work. Natl Bk clearing house came
called; I told him See. had just sent them a
note fixing 4 millions as maximum to be
deborated & that See. told appointment and full
security to be taken on this desertion & he could
advise them shortly.
May 2 Sat.
Had another letter w. See U. on to District tax debenture;
he said he positively could not give a dollar to
Riggs Bk; asked me to inquire appointment
w. Hamburn on this basis; I said I did not
agree w. Wellington & wished he would make
the appointment. He said he understood
fully that I believed he could not fairly
discriminate vs Rigg Bk & that I assumed
127
no responsibility for his action; that he had
positively made up his mind on the matter
and that he looked I would take him
& he had some form of appointment with
Wellington, all this he said he had really nothing
to do with it. I went to Wellington and told
a later w. him: said I did not approve this
desertion but would give him half in any
way to appoint on the money as directed
by Rigg. I told W. that if we took 4
millions as the maximum & this appointment
it is proper to deborate & this surplus with
Riggs Bk leaving only 2 1/2 millions appointment
as of 4 in all, it would be possible on the
two to work back and show that the
appointment was based on 4 millions & thus
have deliberate desertion vs Rigg Bk.
He said he did not object to this on the
intent was to throw discrimination & the
day could say so openly. I told him I
did not believe the day could publish
state that he intended to and I must
discriminate vs the Rigg Bk, but he said
he would do so. Finally he said he
would leave to take it over w. the surplus of
loan Natl as to maximum amount needed
& would ask him to see me Monday about
it.
