98
1894
who wrote the editorials in question was
maliciously vindictive & false. Holmes
admitted that Bourn was a partisan
& intolerant & said if I ever wanted
anything put in Herald to lit him down
I called his attention to fact that Bourn
had recently suppressed Carlisle's articles
letter to Phil. Press denying statements
made by Sen. Frye from the Herald which
at some time publishing a violent
editorial criticizing the weakness of
his defense. This letter was published by
Herald at Holmes order Tuesday November 6
1894
Nov. 13
Presd. Cleveland gave interview this morning
denying that there was any friction or
disagreement between himself and Sec.
Carlisle. Sec. Bk. p.
The Post Herald in printing it contained
one sentence which praised Carlisle &
at once wrote Holmes about it.
The Herald in its editorial column ever since
administration came in has bitterly attacked
Carlisle. They ad over & over again that
he threatened to encroach on gold reserve to
pay Texas Notes of 1890 and relied on his
interview of Apr. 21 1893 in which he said
he would use all gold "lawfully available"
for that purpose. Partisan papers at once
claimed that he thought the 100 million
gold reserve was not "lawfully available"
A few days later, Apr. 24, Presd. C.
came out in an interview stating that
these notes would be paid in gold &
that the cabinet were absolutly unanimous
on this point.
When calling on Holmes in Boston I
showed him copy of telegram sent by
Carlisle on that very morning. Apr. 21
to sub. Mar. N.Y. ordering him to pay
gold on Texas notes when presented
for gold etc. the gold was wanted for
export or other purposes; on this very
morning the gold reserve fell below
100 millions. This telegraph showed clearly
Carlisle's meaning expressed in his
interview.
As a matter of fact -- what I did
not tell anyone -- this interview was
carefully read by Presd. C. and approved
of by him before it was published.
99
1894
be threatened to encroach on gold reserve to
pay Texas Notes of 1890 and relied on his
