398
stay in Boston and stay at. He said he
thought it old be arranged, I set it
would accept $20,000 (incl. the 10,000 Bonus)
as I old stay in Boston.
finally I told him that I would be
willing to accept a retirement from the
Pacific system, provided Mr. Tuttle remained
at the other 10,000 interested with him, of
say $5000 per year and that other roads
could be taken into the arrangement &
the Compensations arranged.
He said he would go over the whole
matter and would write me later.
It was definitely fixed by us that the
arrangement, if continued into, could not
interfere w. the sectional work of dead
now as canal r.s. surveying, construction,
bonded traffic thru Canada etc etc.
He said his idea was to leave the Trans-
Continent Company out and that it
old do valuable work as an arbitrate
between the members, and that other R.R.
not members of the Trans. line should join.
I finally left him in understanding that
he could soon write me definitely. He asked
me to say nothing about this to anyone,
not even Mr Tuttle, until I heard from
1906
399
him & to consider this merely a personal talk
between ourselves for the present.
Skiffington called at my office & said Gen Douglas
wished to see me intimating that he wanted me
to run for Govr or Governor, I told S. I would be
glad to see him this next week Wednesday
July 18 and that I was out of politics
and under no circumstances will I think
of being a candidate for Govr.
Gen. D came to my office & he said S. told
him what & said about under no circumstances
running for Govr & he accepted it but he
said many west seeking him to run and he
wanted my advice; he asked me if it
might he would have any chance of
being elected if he got the nomination. I told him I was
about independent. I told him I was
about out of politics and I should not
interfere in any way in politics and would
not even advise him why or not to run
again for Govr. I told him, however, in
response to his question that in my opinion
he old be elected over both Morgan
and Guild. He asked what good it would
do for him again to run; I said, No good,
unless you are willing to consider the
1906
