158
legislature & we agreed this was proper course
to pursue. Arranged w. Vanderbilt for conference
Thursday morning at which Eldridge ret. his bill
would be presented.
Aug 13
Thursday
Conference 10 am: Present Eldridge & Secretary Board
Gen. Lewis Mr Elan & Eldridge. While substance
just over, shown that England entertained
opinion the people of this country would not
be induced to pay up their debts if
they would be worked out by
compromise allowing reserves to drop.
2.15
Conference at White House w. President. He
delivered an address.
3 O’Cl.
Reserve Bd organized. See Mr. and President
would be grateful if Dr. Price of Princeton
did be made Secy of Bd; that Mr. Wilson’s
opinion was for this. But remaining
declined him.
also pointed out that Constitution was
justified in permitting reserves to be made
present of extraordinary endowment.
Aug 14
Emphasis of the case, leaders bankers, bankers etc.
in afternoon had talk w. Woodward & Eldridge.
Emphasis out clearly that Bds in N.Y. had not
yet decided to buy Canada. & English credits in
gold to Canada; The Treasury had merely said
it would allow reserves to be exchanged and the
159
if ultimately it was decided that gold must be
sent to Canada it would be taken from the
reserves either they might be depleted.
Settled how, Rev Francis & Peterson desired to meet at 1
o’Cl. club.
In week end on Reserve Board see remuneration
of members.
Aug 27
Thursday
Mr Warburg in written communication strongly
object to opening Rev. Bd except certain amendments
are made to the Re. Act; strongly advocates
change so as to require member banks to
deposit their reserves with the Bd. any
number of Rev. Res. notes which should be
made available as part of lawful
reserves; said that new bonds under present
law would not get more than 250 millions
of gold and as 1/2 old be paid in credit
can paper the rest would be only
about 150 millions - too small a sum
to be of any avail in present emergency.
Mr other bankers said that if member
banks would deposit reserves - even the
little money - w. Rev Bds we would get
800 millions of gold wh. could sustain
our whole commercial system without
differently.
Aug 28
Tuesday
went over Warburg suggestions on Bull Board.
Much discussion as to Rev. notes; I pointed
