48
Whitney about me and that Whitney said Mr.
Cleveland had spoken to him about me
with the intimation that he should
appoint me.
After making up my mind that I wanted
the position I wrote Col. Atkinson asking
him to write Cleveland about it; he replied
that he had written a letter which he would
show me: at Quincy suggestion I wrote
him again suggesting his writing Carlisle;
when next I saw him he seemed rather
grumpy as if he did not want to write
Carlisle and he did not offer to show me
the letter which he had written to
Cleveland. He said he was engaged in some
work w. Carlisle and did not know whether
he ought to write him or not but he
would consider it. For some days after
when I met him in the car he was rather
bustling and cool, but this soon away and
our morning he told me that he had
written Carlisle that "if he wanted a man
thoroughly agitated with the iniquities of
the Admin. Tariff Act, he would do well
in appointing me."
I was very much disappointed in his
attitude to me as we had always been
very friendly and satrud over all his
1893
49
work together, and I had often read his proofs.
In addition he had read all my writings and
had heard me speak many times (notably
at the Southern Society in New York). To do him
justice, however, I must say at this time he
was recovering from the grip and had been
quite ill. He always told me it was competent
to fill such a position.
Quincy told me this P.M. that I ought to see Senator
Carlisle at once: that he was probably at Larwood
w. Mr. Cleveland and that I had better go to
New York this very evening and find from Mr.
Cleveland's Secretary where Carlisle was. If at
Larwood to make an appointment to go down
to see him. Quincy said that Mr. Cleveland had
suggested that I see Carlisle and had intima-
ted that if Carlisle assured it he would appoint
me. I took evening train for N.Y. teleph. En. 7.
Passer to meet me at Reform Club tomorrow a.m.
Passer went to Cleveland and he said I had
better go to Washington at once. I took limited
express telegraphing Sherman Hoar to arrange
interview for me with Carlisle.
Had long interview w. Sen. Carlisle at his room
1893
