278
1902
there was every indication of the corrupt
use of money. Mc Connell said in Filson,
one of the Easton leaders admitted
that he had hired a lot of stenographers
for use at the convention. Mc C. Thomas
at least 20 or 3000 were spent there.
Dr C. says at least $4000 was spent
in Fann River. John Crowley wrote me
that money was freely used used
at Pittsfield, and Jim Canell wrote
to same effect from Shingfield.
Mr. Crowley said money was poured
into Lowell.
My friends are satisfied that this
campaign for the nomination must
have cost Easton at least $75,000.
Asbury Howes told me in confidence
at breakfast at the Union Club the
morning of the convention or perhaps
the morning before that Robert Burnett
had told him that some 20 or 25
men had promised to give each
$5000, to his campaign.
For the first time Mass. has been
debunked. I fear hereafter no one
can be nominated without opening
a bank and a large one at that.
279
1902
Sept 23.
The Boston Herald printed yesterday an extract from
N. Y. Herald sent by "Templeton" accusing me of
conspiring with Williams to embarrass Col.
Gaston by fighting for W's platform and also
by helping elect Williams Chairman of Resolution
Commission. As a fact I never motting of W's
election until after it occurred; although my
manager Dr Coover proposed W's name yet
it was without my knowledge. So far as
the platform went, I never saw either
until the morning of the Convention. The
writing before Dr. Coughlin showed me a
clip of paper in W's handwriting containing
the sentence referring to the last National
platform; this sentence referred to "will"
evidently mentioned in a preceding sentence,
I asked what the full sentence contained
and Dr C said simply a reference to
Monopoly & special privilege. I said I
had no objection to this reference.
I did not see the platform until next
morning in the papers; during the
debate in the Corn" on Revolutions the
writing before no one could have said
me authority that I accepted Mr. W's
platform, other than the one sentence
mentioned above, for I had never had
