104
Thursday, 5 P.M.
Had long interviews w. Ralph. asked him to tell me
feminly all facts as to segregation in the Bureau.
His shut backed down as in follows:-
1. Priv to women of Gen. Admtn.
II. Same
I. Old Building.
a) Separate dressing rooms for colored employees.
b) Some of colored dining rooms had separate
toilets; while no separate toilets are in colored
rooms used indiscriminately a.c. no
segregation except as to sex.
c) Training rooms.
1 an attic for printers exclusively; all men
and men colored
2) two other lunch rooms.
"For women adjacent to dressing rooms
of white & colored women. Only 4 tables.
white & colored used this. or only 25
old be accommodated, all the women
as a rule would get their food
and leave it to work rooms or dressing
rooms to eat it. 1/5th of the 25 were
colored and in 5 years of my admn.
there were no complaints.
2) In sub basement. Used by baths
septic and bath vaults.
as a matter of practical colored race
105
rarity used these tables either no rule against it.
The blacks were very discreet as to use of
common toilet and no complaint was made.
In 750 out of entire force were colored-about
450 and equally divided as to the sexes.
In young employment I have discriminated
on a measure against the blacks, otherwise
half the force or more could be black.
II. Present Admtn.
Old Building.
Early in the Admtn a delegate of white girls
from Plate printers Union and some girls from
Examining Division complained of conduct of 3
or 4 colored girls who insisted on sitting at
tables with white girls although there were
often vacant tables. Under pressure the
providing the white girls used certain
tables & leaving left for colored girls.
I got the situation to show to them but they
said they could not desert unless so
ordered by Ralph, who then assured them
to use these toilets & they died on a white.
Miss Hopkins also told them they were very
foolish. Miss Roosevelt Murray was very
unperturbed to hear Hopkins who housed into
her secret and reported that she was
unnecessary. She was the source of many
better articles in the "Bell".
