20
had gone through, that our collectors were too
friendly to RRs; that the collectors were in close
touch w. RRs or had been through practices of
selling customs places, abolished by consolidatin
act. W. suggested for Buffalo a customs zone
systen, said when he was there but with me
of RR managers said it the right way but it
wild squill buying more land by RRs & that the
system was prohibitive. After a long conference
we decided to appoint a customs comm. of 3,
one of whom should be experienced in border
work, to consider the advisability of a customs
zone and to hear all parties on interest. W.
also said he thought the RRs should be obliged
to buy in all states and put number of the real
on their own manifest. There are many curious
cases among these Blue Rocks & these have no mani-
fest except what is called a bridge manifest
issued by the Butler Bridge Co. owned by Emanuel
Franksteinholders. W. said the policy of the bridge
owners was to send as many cars as possible
over the bridge to get the lattes & that there was
great congestion there: that the Black, Cent., old
carly and its competitors through Niagara Falls & thus
greatly relieve the congestion. The Canadian regulation
require RRs to buy on scales & buy notations in
numbers.
Aug 26
Tuesday. Met Ant. Mc. Maline at Brasbout at
Shirburn. & at the train station at Boston
studying Callisthenia system: that he stood opposed
to Mr. Meador that Edmund Bradley should be
collector, and that Judge Maynard on surveying
21
that a runner had reached his ears that Maynard
had met and convicted for crime & that he was
looking this up. I said I thought Maynard might
do but Surveyor. He also said Maloney would be
good for City Rev. Colls. Said he heard Judge
Calloway was disliked by Catholics as having
somewhat slighted himself from his direct &
Catholic friends. I said I felt sure no doubt in
him, that Judge S. was a man of highest standing &
character etc.
Said he had met with Mayor Fitzgerald: had great
difficulty in getting him to say whom he wanted
for Colls. He favored Burnett & Maloney & he had
heard that Burnett was a high brow and aristocrat;
that Maynard & said this was not so & that finally
he said that, so far from this being true, Burnett
was a gangster and while seeing of elevated pay
he had favored now the slapping to members of
the legislature.
Maloney favored Carroll, of the Western League & said
he ought to have some office.
W. also said that Col. Hunt thought that
Hodges should be right as attorney in which I
certainly concurred; also Col. Meador told Col.
Hunt he was delighted w. me. W. said I
have had the Admirer under great obligation to me
by finally consenting to become Ant Sec'y.
