36
Spt.21. Made nominating speech in Concl
Convention of 11th dist. at Adrian Hall
nom. Geo. And Williams, of Ortlbaum by
acclamation
(4 S.B.9)
Spt 25 Essay published in Boston Sunday Globe of this
date on Practical effect of political oratory on
elections; with my photograph also. The other
writers on same subject were Charles Kwi
woodbury - Geo. And Williams - John P. St John.
Elijah A. Mann - George M. Straus - Henry H. Foxen.
Col. A.H.Gottling - Ex-Mayor Thomas N. Hart.
Patrick A. Collins. J.2.A. Brackett - John D.Long.
(4 S.B.A.
Sept.27 Democratic State Convention at Boston. I
was nominated for Secretary of State; the
Concl to nom. bal. of State ticket wished to
nominat me for Att'y-General but some
of them felt I was rather young for that
position. The Concl while in session sent
a sub-comcl consisting of Ira Henry of
Foxboro and Mc. Rud of Providence to
ask me if I would accept Secy of State
slating that if I would not, they would
at once nominate me for Att'y-General.
I knew that the other name suggested
37
for Attor.-Gen.- Charles S. Lillicy of Lowell
was a very able lawyer, a much better
nominee than myself, so I at once
consented to accept Sec. of State.
The ticket was:-
Governor. Wm E. Russell of Cambridge.
Secy of State. James B. Connell .. Springfield
Attorney General. Charles S. Hamlin .. Brooklyn
War. James S. Trunnell .. Greenfield
Attor.-Gen. Charles S. Lillicy .. Lowell
Auditor Irving B. Saylis .. Millbury.
Priorious to the convention, I was elected
chairman of the Comcl on Permanent
Organization.
I was also elected by the Convention
one of 15 members at large of the
State Comcl for 1893.
(4 S.B.A.12-14)
Sept 28 Called on Cleveland at Gray Gables with
Patteck Magnun: spent a delightful afternoon.
Mr. C. said he had decided to give up the
Woburn celebration wh. he had known to attend
as he showed probably he in N.Y. He said
that Mr. Hyde, Exec. Clerk of Y.M.C.A. Club had
written him that certain democrats in Woburn
who hatted C.- the night leader was the City Clerk
David Morland, (the Hill man whom I answered
