422
shipping stock. He also said that Rev. D
would make a splendid candidate
that he had spent $45000 for Ballots.
He advised me to see Senator & I told
him I had just written him a letter
asking for an appointment. He drove
with me to the State & said he would
call me in telephone Friday.
Sunday Aug 21.
Rev. Douglas called me on telephone at 8am
said he had received my letter and would
be glad to see me at Brooklyn tomorrow at
10-11 am. I said if he preferred I would
go out to Monument Beach this Am. he
said he would be delighted to see me.
I took the 2.10 electric from Utica and
reached Union a letter after 3 P.M. had
to wait until 4.15 for a Monument
Beach car. Tired to telephone Rev. D. that
would be late but found he had no
telephone. When I reached Mont Beach
found Rev D's chauffeur & machine
waiting for me and rode to his house
we spent a few minutes in the porch
and he suggested taking me to Utica in the
machine & telling on the way.
He said he was enthusiastic for my
423
nominate - that neither Dabney nor I could
be elected - and that he would gladly do
all in his power to bring it about. He said
if I could get the nominator with Hancock
unanimity I was certain to be elected.
He said he had already said this to
Rev. McLaughlin who had been to see him
about Shaker for Congress. Said that
Buchanan & Harris would both run &
that probably a good democrat could
be elected. Said also he told McLaughlin
that he was for me and that I was
the only one who could win.
He then asked me about the situation and I
told him briefly; he said he was going to
ask Steffens to see Dabney and try to induce
him to withdraw for me; I told him about
my talk w. Steff. (above) and said I
absolutely forbid any one promising
Dabney a cent for his withdrawal or
making any pledge in my name; I
added that of course if he voluntarily
withdraw for me I naturally would
withdraw for him but I could
absolutely make no pledge. Rev D
then asked if I thought I would be
fit for a Supreme Court Judge - I
said I know nothing personally
