22
Thursday, Sec. U.S. Advis both me the President intended to enforce the neutrality law from now on most rigidly against the Hearst regime; that he did much, and, confidentially, whether the insurgents did succeed in getting arms & from us: that the Collier must use reasonable discretion: that both he & the President felt that it was wise to have Collier in absolute control of the Admiralty. He asked me to call for resignation of the Collier at Texas and give me name of new man for place.
Then P.M. some one telegraphed that the knowledge of our existence of passage without examination be given to Alby Eun who was just going to Montreal to carry of Amery. Ben Knoxer. I found no incident on such a principle to cabinet officers; only apparent exception was when Sec Knox and later Root went to So. America but they went on strictly official business to do America from practically an economic viewpoint. The only exception granted cabinet officer was the "comities of the Port" which did not carry free existence without examination. I went over to Alby Eun; he said he never nothing of this and made no request: that of course he wanted no such knowledge. I told him of such unusual knowledge was granted some newbaker ever since myself discover it and attack him; but that I would of course give the comities of the Port to him. He seemed very grateful to me for this
advised him to consult his Attorney as to what he
for first Alby Eun
23
Thursday. John P. Mitchell, Collier at N.Y. and Dr Cleveland which came down & we had a two hours conference on the reports submitted by Dr Cleveland on changes in N.Y. Customs House.
Mr. Bingham (?:) representing the people of Richmond and Congressman Green (Rut.) of Vermont called to take over administration of C.P.R. to have miles from Canada going into U.S. at Richmond & in route through Norfolk & to Boston points interest at Newport rattling them at Richmond. Mr. B. had a brief which he said contained some reflection on C.P.R. and debt clerks & said before filing it he had been advised by Eng. Eunson to stress out all such offensive references. He asked me as to this and I said he must use his own judgment as to this. He asked me to leave over the brief thus P.M. and also request of Mr. Slune (?:) who had been asked to make an investigation.
I had it over the returned w. the correspondence latter: he said he formed at the Court from that Slune about had not yet been received.
I told them that I could leave over the matter there as I was going to Boston the next day -- they both agreed that of course I would do nothing until Slune about was received. Mr. B. said Cong. Y. had told him he ought to devote out certain G's in this brief & he would do so & file it the next day.
at his request I told him the debt could take no action, unfavorable to him conclusion that Richmond still not be disturbed, without giving him an opportunity to argue the question
