36
their knowledge as they realized their great
unhurried powers over must would be
materially cut down by this time and
deprived now the whole country as it
might be
within the next day or two I mentioned this to
see if he could be brought to understand that
he was opposed to the joint statement by the N.Y. interest.
Mr. Davis had considerable trouble with explanation
along Mexican border. The cutter at Laredo caused
instructions which he sent to permit expedition under the
joint resolution of 1812 forbidding expedition of arm
or munitions of war on principle of the
President -- of horses, saddles, quarters, hay and ordnance
etc. We therefore opposed opinion of Army En
gineer declined to give specific answer but laid
down as a general principle that only articles
primarily & directly used for war must be munitions
of war within the prohibitions of the joint
resolution; he also explained why of a former
opinion that provisions & clothing were not
munitions of war.
This was all the help we could get so we would
to instruct the officer and instructed the cutter at
Laredo that horses, saddles, quarters, hay & ordnance
must not munitions of war which must be under
United States Army or other parties.
State Sen. Stephenson of Texas sent us a telegram
to effect that large no. of horses were being
shipped out of Laredo under these instructions
and that collectors were discriminating in other
37
shipments such as clothing etc against the Constitution
and in favor of Federalists, I ordered an investigation
of latter charge.
Meanwhile, I discovered that Washington had
given an opinion that saddles were munitions of
war, and the President sent over an answer
copy of a letter permitting expedition of one saddle
thus indicating opinion that saddles were munitions
of war. I felt that our instructions to the cutter
at Laredo -- which were directed to cutters at
N. Orleans -- should be specifically passed on by
State & Army Engrs Dept, and especially so when Mr.
Hallett of State Dept telephoned that the Mexican troops
had asked permission to exploit two horses at San
Antonio for the Army.
I called up Commissr Moore who at first thought
horses were munitions of war; then I called up and
Army Division who also were inclined to think they
were. Then I went to see Mr. Astor and advised him
to let me go over w. President; he went right over
and later said President did not fully understand
the joint resolution & thought he had discretion
to shut off all supplies, cut horses as well as
munitions of war & that the personnel would insist
to do their as to all forces in Mexico. Then Sec.
Webb said to me to leave him President had
discretion only to permit expedition of munitions
of war in certain cases, and as to what were
munitions of war were a question of legal
construction, but that the joint resolution did
not touch on any way articles which, the rent
munitions of war, were contraband of war.
