18
1892
April 26 Left for Washington: sent by State Comm to
interview Ways & Means Comm & try to cause
passage of Andrew Brown bill, (putting union man
on list, 5% ad val on first 2000000 men and a
lower duty on structural union steel rails.)
27 In New York: called on Mr. Geo. F.
Parker, 57 Broadway, (Mr. Cleveland's priv:
sec.) He said he would make abject suit
w. Cleveland to meet me in N.Y. Saturday
returning from Washington; asked me to
write out an interview on presidential
situation.
28 In Washington: Mr. Horace P. Tobey met
me there: we saw members of Ways &
Means Comm in behalf of iron Bill: had long
talk w. McMillan & Wilson; they feared that
the passage of coal or iron bill might
lose us W. Virg. & possibly Virginia: they
favor'd the bill personally but feared the
result politically. Saw also Cookson, Bryan
& Stevens of the Comm & many other congressmen.
Had long talk w. Senator Hills urging him to come
out for Cleveland: he said he would be glad
to but he was under obligations to Carlisle
& Harrison in the Spencershit fight and be
thought that they - albeit staunch Cleveland
men - yet had a lingering hope the nomination
might come to them: if they came out un-
equivocally, he would be glad to come out
for Cleveland.
1892
19
April 30 In New York: received telegr. from Parker
to meet him at 11 A.M.; it was thru
and we arranged interview for N.Y.
Times.
2 P.M. met Cleveland at his office;
he seemed surprised that he would be
nominated but said he had some
doubts as to carrying New York; he agreed
with me that it was doubtful whether
any other person could carry it if he
could not.
He favored my suggestion that the delegates
to the protesting Syracuse Convention should
be given discretion as to whether or not to
demand admission to the Convention at
Chicago.
He said he did not feel at all distressed
at the rumors that some Southern States
would be caused by the Tammany Alliance
if the South wanted to have a Joint
Bill and acted so foolishly as to devote
the Democratic Party, why let them try the
experiment.
(For interviews in Washington Star, Boston Herald,
Globe & Journal (also editorial) & N.Y. Sunday Times
etc - 3 S.B. 24 and 25.)
1892
