406
1907
plaints in the Lobbies I could accept it. He said
my platform was too long & finally we agreed
that Irving should go over it & bail it down
at Springfield. Irving wrote resolutions based
on fraud on union, I went over them & put
them on paper, but omitted a clause abolishing
laborers & whaling agreed to it.
Later Sen. Bradley, Hayes & Carney called &
unanimously on me condemning the action of the
N.H. Rk. on purchasing clause of Bibles. Finally
I drew a clause to be thrown them in the
morning. Whiting agreed to it, but it did
not go into the papers on the first draft
had been given to the press to be released the
next day. It was however in my draft
& accepted by me Consent.
Mr. Gubbin of Sheny. Rbk. & C. Reim of the
Transport called on the evening; they advised
me, confidentially, to strike out the clause
as to the Lobbies which we formally did.
During the evening, Danny, Louis, a later enter-
prize, Clinton of Springfield, the City Marshall,
Henry Coughlin of Dan Reim, Peters of Boston
etc etc as to purchase contract the next day.
I have no fond in the conservative sentiment
as I was leaning on the Republicans.
407
1907
We marched in a body to the Theatre; found our
credentails would not admit me; had to
exchange them at long office for tickets.
About 300 Whiting delegates were not able
to get into theatre at all. I put in just as
Heaney put the motion as to election of Kilg
as temporary chairman. Heard no motion but
as to motion for vote cast & beyond no motion
put on to the vote on the Kilg vote.
In the first 5 or 6 rows of the Theatre were a
body of men dressed who seemed to act under
a leader. They crowded up together on a sound
making such a noise that it was impossible
to hear any thing. They were carrying distinctly
unfavorable from the rest of the delegates &
credentails were thrown away Whiting
men reading the staff. The delegates in the
Theatre were easily distinguishable into 3
groups about the Whiting men with them
into houses of Theatre: 1) the leaders in front
led by former leader & acting as unity, 2)
the balance of ordinate men with them
fronts; 3) the Whiting men who have gone into
their house of Theatre.
I should say there were about 150 Whiting
men in one Consent; perhaps a hundred
of 1st class, and as to 2) an ascertain number.
