262
1624 Shore at dinner of Y.M.C.A. Club of Prov.
R. I. Ex-Rep. Latham, Charles E. Horman,
Mr. Quinns, Richard Cornstock and other
old friends west there.
10 Shore before Church Club at Wall Street.
Prov. Rev. E.S. Roumanioff on Alaska
12 Shore in Alaska at dinner of N.E. Dry Goods
Association at Brunswick Hotel.
April 4 Shore at dinner of Bank officials at Gunfild
Mass. on asset currency.
"11 Count Matsumata formerly British Minister of
Japan and party come to Boston. Jap.
Minister had wind me of their arrival.
Mayor Collins gave them a banquet at
the Touraine. En Crane, Quincy, Mr. Green
(Purd Eliot Scy) and I were present.
I drove to Harvard with them and at
lunched with Dr Eliot. In the evening
they dined with me. Present: Count
Matsumata, his son, Mr. Matsumata Director
General of Railroads, Mr. Fukai, Agent of
Br. of Japan, Mr. Nagasaki, agent in N.Y.
of Yokohama specie bank; Mr. Clancy,
Henry L. Higginson, Mr. Green, Collr. Lopman,
Prof. Morst. Smith, Chat.
263
1902
April 29 Addressed Highland Social & Ath. Club Chelsea on Trusts.
May 7 Lecture on Alaska & Japan at Fisher Ames Club
Dr. Latham. Divided w. Winston Warren
8 addressed Peabody Bd of Trade on Trusts.
10 At dinner of Clover Club held at Exchange Club.
12 Delivered address of welcome at dinner of Episc. Club
at Hotel Somerset -- ran to Bishop Ventre & Brent.
20 Delivered Lecture on Alaska & Japan at Ladies
night Colonnet Club Winchester. Butts went
there with me.
June 2
31 Monday, went to G.F. Williams office and had
a long interview with him -- told him I could
not ask him to come out for me -- that
I left that for him to decide, but that I
wished him to know the exact political
situation from my standpoint. I said I
was campaignin my campaign without
money and wished financially to stand
as a protest against commercialism in
politics. That some out must make
the fight & that I was willing and
intended to do it. My object in seeing him
I said, was to convince him and myself
that, each giving up nothing as to views
in the part, there were more issues
