142
May 30 Sat.
two weeks ago John Smith called among our letter
to one border customs official for Mr. Herbert
J. Brown asking every courtesy for him.
I excepted with Robert House & Terrellity said
all right -- at request of Mr. Bryan, and a
letter was given him. two or three days
ago Colle Sabot heard from Halbert saying
if he did take Brown in a special officer
courtesy, would give to him Bryan on Thursday May
28. He said Brown was collected armistice
for Constable, asked me to write Colle of
Halbert 722. He does not to permit exportation of
arms etc across border nor by sea. denied
to Mexican Posts, which I did. Also wired
Sabot that Brown was a man of high character
and standing & to accord him every honorable
courtesy.
This Am received telegram from Sabot that Brown
had chartered schooner & wanted to elude our
Brownsville Texas; suspected arms water by
instruments & had withheld clearance & await
for instruction.
I went to St. Deat -- got see. B at his house -- he
asked me to leave telegram to Preselt & get
his instructions. went over about 10.15 -- Preselt
was still in bed -- left telegram & went to
home. called up Redfield but he was
away for the day. called up Chamberlain
but of no help & he agreed w. me we had
no legal right to prevent schooner clearing
for any Port, Mexican or otherwise so long as
143
she was not conducting an armed expedition
as friendly forces.
Proposed a return to this effect and declared
it to the Posten at what House was it
to Presdt.
12.15 Presdt W. called me on telephone and
said that whatever the law might be he
thought it more expedient to use the
collector to permit clearance only for
some foreign port other than Mexico, Texas,
Utah, & I told him I would attend to
that at once.
took Brandlie to will. He spoke of reserve Board and
said my appoint would be ideal and that
to his knowledge my name had been strongly
urged upon the President
Monday
Brandlie's drive with me, seemed very much
interested in my appointment. Shore very
cultivatorically of warburg.
June 5
Friday. Mr. Cooksey, private Secy of Meados, said
a number of newspaper representations
yesterday asked Mr. Meados about my
appointment for Res. Bd. & Meados said that
was for the President to determine; that
my appointment would be a very great loss
to him personally but that he wanted to
say that there was no appointment ready
that Court I was not sufficiently qualified to
143
144
