128
Williams brought the Sands U. Credit of loan. Van Buren
to see me, he asked him as to necessity of
debent for Railroad Box. He said they could
get along w. 3 millions but if they at least
were not given them they would seriously rubber
and could have to call loans. W. asked him
as to Nipps Box & he said they did not loan
on commercial paper as much as did the
other Box but he said it would rubber
on all the other Boxs of debents and made
& could have to borrow money to secure
their reserves.
after he left I asked W. what he thought
ought to be done & he said he thought the
only thing to do would be to debent 3
millions among the Boxs but nothing to do
to Nipps Box. He said to abandon at among them
box as last year in November to induce &
trust Co. debents. He added that it could be
better not to abandon among all Boxs at
4 millions & then abandon out Nipps Box on their
thing old figures, back & sell mathematically
the discounting of Nipps Box, fast week he
said he did not object to this.
I had thoroughly pointed out to him every
objection to this discounting & consequently
preferred to have him leave charge of it.
I then told Huddleston to write letter
abhorring it on their basis, leave Box -- the
trumpet, I think, had not sent in its
statement as to debents and later Williams
129
sent me the appointment list adding in his
own hand about 300000 I think, for this
Bank.
I then checked letters to the Board regarding
the appointment for the day to sign.
He signed them but directed Kelly not to
mail them until after cabinet meeting
brouwn.
I hope he will leave it up at the cabinet
meeting & that second sheet will prevail.
at first I thought I could refuse to close
them but as they were ordered to be sent
by the Sec. on his own responsibility and over
my protest I felt at my duty to check them
later I lettered w. Sec. as to me. On a bond
issue to secure Panama exchange. I said we
were in a critical condition but paying out more
than we have in & must leave our gold;
I thought the Boxs were strong enough to
hold reserve at expense of Kansas but could
let them secure definitively when the risk of
crediting funds. He seemed willing to raise
bonds up to 50 million: I said too could be
better to put Kansas in good hands. He
still could give to issue certificates of
indebtedness but I thought out they must
be redeemed in 1 year and could ultimately
intimidate the debtor.
He assured me confidenceably to purchase
from of public subscriptions -- which we
objected was the best form altho we could
have secured by it.
