136
He also assured me to build a colored man under
Auditor Crane who had been a bootblack
but had been put to work in the latrinaly
machines would not stand the steam & board
Cran could reduce his salary.
After
May 13 Wed.
Ralph came over and said he had fortunately
issued no such order & so he could have to
have the Emprise case & see him. He said he had
had some complaints from colored at blacks
using latrines but he had assureded the colored
if they objected to use latrines in black colors.
May 14 Thursday.
Write her Emprise to come & see Ralph. Also wrote
Cran to do something if he inconveniently could
for the man Mr. Emprise should to me about.
Samuel Crans advised removal of his Washington
in Pen. of long & printing; the need altogether
seemed to show clear case of misadministration
and I acknowledged the dismissal. A few minutes
later Washington called & said he was a former
victim & had a cane in his right arm or
shoulder; that he had been attending to a
door which now had been closed up & that
he had been ordered to do heavy work which
he did not do nor was glad to do carrying
& other light work.
I carried back order of dismissal & called
up Ralph who said Washington was a
humble; I told him that that might be
137
but that as he knew we were carrying on the
rolls many of it, inform & seek trouble and
I did not want to have it said we had
removed a colored citizen while allowing
others dislocated in blackness to remain. He
said he would leave into the east.
For the front months have been very much
worried over the fine gold in the Treasury
which has fallen off over 59 millions since
Jan. 1. Under the McRaffy order placing all
part securities in the Box only balances are
now held into such transactions & the Box
will must hold & send up other money in
pay of interest on fixed debentures; which
thing gives me some gold they have ever
much in Nat. Bank notes, silver etc.
The McRaffy order did not obligate to transfer to
5 1/2 redemption fund but on Mar. 10, 1913 Am. Sec.
Bailey ordered or authorized these mints to
be made to debentures. Box. As we this year
will redeem practically the whole gold
for circulation, it meant that 750 millions
of dollars old be diverted from Treasury
& hard to Box; as a fact about 1/2 of this
has been hard directly into Treasury, so
under Bailey order about 375 millions per
year were diverted from Treasury.
Today I proposed Bailey order as it was
illegal, the its rigging these debentures to
be made w. the income of U.S. This would
help Treasury to accumulate fine gold.
