132
to him to this Board. I added that Harriet &
I had been bitter political opponents but
that I felt able to say in all about any
such consideration.
late this P.M. Miss Harriet Wilson reached us.
Britten & said she wanted Anna to come to
the wedding.
This Ann. Mrs Sec. Newton at my suggestion yesterday
arrived Sec. H. directly with, we were shocked
at the wedding. two weeks ago Sec. H. told
her H & I were to be married -- a week ago
he said his official family were expected
but no invitation had come, I told Newton
I did not so want a direct invitation
nor would Britten.
This Ann. Sec. H. sent for me & said as soon as
we were both expected, that it was arranged
that he should give out his invitation personally,
that he should also have Anna invited.
Now explain above telephones from Miss Wilson.
Miss Houston told Britten today she had received
no direct invitation. The whole matter
has been very cleverly managed.
Sec H. said today I ought to attend the
calamity meetings in her absence & that
he would so address the Board.
Mr P M. Mr Warburg of the 1st Res. 1st
came over from N.Y. in reference to telegraph
133
Medidor to take over San. Bend mail; he stuck on
facts submitted by me which an event was
necessary & he could advise me how much
could be blasted.
Thursday.
Mr. Warburg called me from N.Y. in telephones; very
difficult to know him but gathered that an hour
of time it would be very difficult to replace even
50 millions of Panama bonds. Sent him would write
me a confidential letter.
6 P.M. attended wedding of Sec. H. Miss Wilson, well
Britten & Anna; after wedding we also sat down
to supper; Anna drew the silver thimble on the
wedding cake. Afterwards them were dancing in
ball. Anna took part. but gave us a pleasant
brilliant antique Chippendale mirror.
That
Yesterday morning Sec. H. told me he had urged the Board
to send me on 1st Res. Bd. but that the Board entirely
appreciate of what I had done for the Academy
felt that as there would be 3 members, Meador,
Williams & Miller on the Bd. however from Academy
official builders, he could be entreated for building
or another. I tell that I had had no intimateative
that my name was before the Bd excepted from
the recommendation; that while of course I should
have acceded if offered, I felt that when
I saw Miller named, that settled the matter
from the Academy viewpoint, as Sec. H. said he had
