70
allowing him have to give more time to the R.R. directors
to move out the R.R. problems before bringing
out; he said the Atty Gen wished to have the
following 12 leave annulled, among other things:
he said this would require action from Mr. Represen-
tative and that R. S. & Comm. did not want the
system split up. He made no request of me
to do any thing but I gathered that he might
intend to ask me to speak to the Atty Gen about
this matter, so I authorized anything he might
have said by saying that this was a matter
he must work out personally with the Atty Gen;
that I had a very high opinion of his high
character & honest & his scrupulous regard
for every citizen. He said he thought he
might speak to Sec Houston; I told him I
thought that would be ingenious rather than
helpful. He said he had talked with Sec. Davis.
He said a suit now might well, a successful
on the whole system & which great loss in
innocent mission. I told him there was
certainly a feeling here that the decision
was not going forward without broken
shell in doing voluntarily what would be
done by a suit and that very likely the
Atty Gen felt this. I said the only advice I
could give him was to go frankly to
Mr. Bradley & ask his advice and whether
he would move out the problem & that either I
never had spoken to him on the subject &
felt sure that if approached in good faith
he would meet him half way & tell him
in any broken way.
71
at 5 P.M. without direct co. Atty Gen told him of
Bradley's call & what I said to him; he seemed
to agree as to my suggestion as to Bradley.
He had assured me to direct to take over subject of an
art Atty Gen on charge of certain cases before Sec
of N.Y. I showed to Sec. M. and he told me
the Atty Gen had been very sharp and almost
discouraging matter him in turning down his request
recommendation of the Gibbons for the position; that he
wished I would tell him that he Sec. M. of the
treasury was to be consulted could further to be
consulted directly by the Atty Gen as the subject
was a N.Y. case very important. During the
time the Atty Gen said Sec. M. had turned
Gibbons on him almost offensively; that he had
looked over him & found that he was a hard
drinker, and a useless loud mouth man; that
he looked closely even onamber stocks of his
practition & that he had traded on his friends
with Sec. M. on his law business; he had heard
of Gibbons' row with the examiner Matthews
and said that he never told about it. Sec.
M. told me that the President wanted E. to
have the subject & that the President had so
written the Atty Gen. I told the Atty Gen. that
Sec. M. took a personal interest in this
appointment & that he should consult with
him. The Atty Gen. had previously told me he
did not appoint Arnold (on charge of the
Washington case) as he thought his judgment
was not very good & he considered a Democrat
