44
Mr. H. Williams called at office; I saw him at once;
he seemed very pleasant and acted as if there had
never been anything between us. I told him that all this
I felt he had done unjust to me. I felt no resentment
and that I wanted to see the Party united. He said
that his opinion had changed about Wilson as well
as about myself and that in a political fight much
was said in heat of discussion; that if I had come to
him we could have smashed out a programme of
action which both could have agreed on with
unanimity & enthusiasm, that he looked old sires
would be holed & forgotten, that if they were
anything in the world he could do for me in the
present I could call on him & he would respond.
He said he originally thought Wilson was an ultra
conservative & could see no good in him but now
he was lost in admiration of him as a great leader;
that he fully realized that the most valuable
men who ever lived were changed easily opinions
in light of experience, that he was one who had
so changed & he was free to admit it even another
I told him I wanted to go to him before my
campaign but my advisers were strongly against
it; he said that if I had not would have
selected a Republican understandly and that I
would have had his loyal support.
I told him of Linclays later work & said I
told Emery I should raise no objection to his
appointment as a diplomatic officer, that in the
making of a treaty it could be good solution;
that I had so stated to Ante McClellan and I
45
had advanced the Army Gen. to retain him in an
important post.
We were together over half an hour and at his
request I took him up to see Mr. Adkis. He came
back and informed several minutes later he said
he, Bryan had intimated a desire to have him
accept some position & he was to see him this
morning; that he was to lunch w. Sherman class; that
he had a Bill on Patent Disruption he desired to see
inacted. He also promised me Mr. Adkis hospitality.
He formally left saying that he looked on still
he found friends again & bought the best whisky
I everingly received at.
He was very bitter against Mr. Ford and said his
actions even when good were based on no principle
for no morality.
Wednesday.
Mr. Brigham of B. House, called. He said the declaration
in transact altered day that Mr. Adkis was to serve
for Senate and resign & I was to be abdicated in his
place was not sent by him but any another
man who said he got information through Porter
to effect that the runner came from Albany
and started from Col. Hill and the Bryan family.
I told him Rice had been abroad for several
months & only knew of my abolition by able;
that the Bryan family were all dead except Robert
Bryan of Albany; that no friend of mine could do not
the injury to arrange such a ballot numer. I told him
I should not do that but I resolved.
I told him Ante Mc. Newton all about it; he said he
