352
the gold men on the Corn" and that
these men all work for Parker. Nothing
could be further from the truth. It
certainly was absolutely for Clay;
Sen. Danville told me in confidence Clay
was his real choice, although from reasons
of expediency his delegation had decided to
support Parker; Ex Att. Gen. Pol of Md. &
Ex Sen Davis (the Vice-Pres. nominee) went
avowedly, German men, although their
delegation had also voted to support
Parker; Ben Cable of Illinois certainly had
no special love for Parker; in fact he told
me that when the delegation left Hearst
Clay would receive many of the votes;
in addition Stephen told me that the
Illinois delegation had told him he
should rule that the vote of Illinois
must be cast for Hearst as long as his
name was before the Committee; presumably
Cable knew this; Ex. Gen. Patterson certainly
was not specially interested in Hill, for Bryan
had agreed to nominate him & he must have
known that if Parker were not nominated
there might be some chance for him.
In short there was not a gold man on
the Corn" whom natural inclination was
not against Judge Parker although their
1904
353
delegation except Man. & Illinois were sup-
porting him from reasons of expediency. If
course it was generally expected that Parker
would be nominated on the first ballot, but
Hill, to do him justice, did not wish to use
this as a lever on the Corn".
If we had reported a minority plan, &
if it had been defeated, certainly Judge
Parker, as events subsequently showed, would
not have taken the nomination; but if he
had not taken it surely no other conserva-
tive Democrat would have touched it,
and only a radical, as John Charles William
told me, old have been nominated or persuaded
to take the nomination.
On the other hand, had a minority plan
been adopted, this Hill's efforts at would
have yielded such power in the Convention
that nothing else had defeated Parker.
If delegation had left Parker on a gold
plan, had been put into the platform
it isn't likely they would have gone to
any other gold man, C.J. Clancy, whose
supporters could have been as prominent
as Hill in fighting for gold.
After Parker was nominated the Convention
Sunday adjourned to that day at 2 P.M. Parker being
duly to left on Bay State route
1904
