30
at Chicago with of at N.Y., its destination, it would be
liable to a fine of $25 on its board. This telegram
was husbanded in Cust. Divn; I had nothing to do
with the matter except to sign the telegram which
handed me.
Mr. Cust R.R. writes to me asking that certain
tracks at Baltimore be desecrated, also that requests
by night be allowed; this was determined by
Ant. Bell. Exter.
Sent 18
Thursday, Mr. Maker called at Hotel; said the
Canada. Nor. bond for carrying baggage to border countries
next me today; said no authority under law
on it and that a similar bond obtained by
Justice Cust. R.R a year or two ago was never
published in Mass. Divns. Said also L.J. Act
just all needed privileges to border R.Rs, and
that Consular scaling no longer necessary except
so far as it dispensed with necessity on
railways. (Because in Mass. says under L.J. articles
generally along border, no examination required.)
Told Sec. McAder of Maker calls on me &
asked if he thought it wise to allow him to
come to my office head of division; I said he
had given me valuable information as to
practise of the division & that he was in that
when I was here before. Sec. M. said he thought
I should use my discretion & permit it if
I thought it helpful.
I told him as to fact of Justice Cust. bond
not being published as one of the things Maker
had given me valuable information about.
31
I also told him about Rockford. Newport customs
visits, said I had been counsel for B. Ch. Coon
and R.Rs of Nor. N.J. including Edward Trumb and
U.R., and that I felt that there were many
loose practices along Canadian border which
must be discontinue'd; that the Canada R.Rs
would bitterly object. He said he would
back me up to the finish in enforcing the laws,
only to keep him informed few times to him.
So he could know in a general way what
the decision will.
Friday. The bond of Canada. Nor. R.R has just come up
to my desk, -- the one Mr. Maker showed about. I
asked Mr. Kilman to use the Customs form under what
authority of law such a bond old be authorized by
the Dept. Kilman he said there was no authority, --
merely international custom. I then asked if any
similar bonds had been approved in the past. He
inspired & said never. (Maker did further content himself
with approval). I then called on the entire record.
Saturday evening. Ant. Alley En. Division came to my
room in Hotel & at his request I loaned him
my Sup. Ct deposit of Ill. case (this vol 2-14 and
the deposit, without index, since then).
Wednesday. Before Conferment Comm. w. Sec. McAder. Mr.
asked me to explain Cust. Acts, Audits, were in the
stand 2 1/2 hours. Sen. Williams in act against most
of our suggestions. Was at first rather savage but
at end was found dear.
18129
18120
18123
