260
Dec. 3. Shove 4 times in City of Boston for Ben Collins for
Mayor. 1) Cabot St both House 2) Hudson St. both Conn
3) Franklin School House. Wash. St near Dover St. 4)
both room Clinton St.
5. Received notification of my unanimous
election as member of Standing Comm e of
Divorce of Mass. to fill vacancy caused by
resignation of Mr Davis of Worcester.
7 Shove at Brighton (Roddys Hall), Dorset Hills
(Munitions Hall), Tompkinsville Hall & Schwaben Hall.
9 Dined at Leo. Draper's to meet Henry Walte r s
of Ky who came to Shove at dinner as
Merchits Am e nt.
10 Johannsen Minister Kogoro Takahira and
his Secretary, Mr Hanikura spent two
days as my guest. Came to Shove
at Merchits dinner. 10th gave him a
lunch, Presd t Eliot, Richard Olmey, Josiah
Dunney, Edw. H. Slobel, J.W. Crawford
& others were present.
23 Shove at Phila l before N.E. Soc. at dinner in
Horticultural Hall. 500 dined. Among others
Judge Brewer of U.S. Supreme Court, Bonner
Coxerman, Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister,
Ant Sec. Hill of State Dept and others shove.
261
1902 Jan 8 Shove in Alaska & Japan at Dominion Board of
Trade, Dominion Man. Next morning called
on Mr. Stevens, Presd t of Board of Trade, a cousin
of my grand mother.
13 Shove at Haverhill Mass before Hampshire
Board of Democratic Club at a banquet.
170 present. Shove night at house of
Thomas Sanders.
14 Delivered lecture in Alaska & Japan before
guild of all Saints Church Brooklyn at
house of E.S. Beach Esq.
Nb. Quincy told me he had decided not to run
for Congress & said the field was open for
me & that I could have a run. nomin t
if I wished. I said I did not care for
it as I preferred to be a cand. for the
nomin t for Gov r . He said he would let me
know definitely on his return from Mexico
wh. he will run for Gov r again.
Shove at dinner of Ancient & Hon. Arthur
Co. at Quincy House. Took 4 P.M train for
New York and attended Dem. gathering
at Manhattan Club N.Y. Ex Sen Hill,
Mayor Collins it als shove. My train was
delayed by snow & I did not reach
the Club until cheering was over. At
4.30 a supper was served.
