76
hoped to reply soon.
With out our case, said that W's innocence was
shown by fact that for a long time while in custody
was in progress he had not even had a lawyer
his own being away; that when the settlement
was made & his house sold to him he did
have destroyed them but that he did not have
kept them intact; that for over a year he was
watched by the City etc but nothing ever
happened was done by them. He said also that
it might well be that Mr. Cunningham had continued the
scheme previously to him between O'Foller: that
him, now dead, was in charge of the San
Francisco business when it originated.
I told me that Alty Inn told him he had decided
the whole matter up (costs); I said this was
not so, that while the Alty Inn had assured
me to go over the matter w. him, the responsibility
was on him & that while he still try to be
helpful in explaining the records as shown by
Arnolds Report, I was not at all sure of
most any definite opinion of them.
I said the court is not whether can still be
submitted to Grand Jury - that had him done,
but it was wh. it should be withdrawn or
abandoned - a very different matter.
I asked him wh. ordinarily a District Attorney had
know his opinion as wh. Bill should be found;
he said in 99 cases out of 100 yet others
indirectly; any such direct action would be
illegal.
I then asked him how a Jury should decide
77
on to finding a true Bill; he said the question was
not whether the court was proved beyond a
reasonable doubt but whether the jury felt
satisfied that a crime had been committed
and that the evidence pointed towards guilt
of suspected person.
I then asked if the relief he sought was to be
given a statement to the Jury that the Court was
unbribed no Bill should be found. I asked if
Commissioner had agreed to be allowed to go before
Grand Jury & he said if Alty Inn decided not to
withdraw the matter he should ask that procedure.
I then asked him if it would be legally
possible to permit the evidence to be heard
by Grand Jury & allow W. & Rodman W. to appear before
it and permit the Jury on their votes to
consider the matter full from any attempt
to influence their decision. He said such a
court, as to the criminal, was the only legal
court, but that in practice the Jury were
made to know indirectly just what they
wanted; that it was the cannot they
in the world for a District Attorney to prosecute or
defend a Bill.
I thought he seemed to act as if the model
court about indictment was about all he looked
to hear.
I told him these were facts stated in Arnold's
report wh. certainly seemed to call unjustifiably
for careful explanation & I asked him immediately
in so many words if he did not think that
the W's should would be treated justly by
