106
In April 1893, Williams writes the Bureau
following a visit by Mrs Wilson the wife of
the President. Williams went around the women
rooms & wherever he found a white woman
working with or near a colored man he
asked in a loud tone whether it was not
offensive to her to be so near a colored
man. This should not trouble, these had
never before been any complaints.
Later Williams sent Ralph a letter ordering
that no white girl should be permitted to sit
alongside of a colored man or woman on
some machine -- although in many cases
they were at least 10 feet apart.
as there had been absolutely no complaints
Ralph returned the letter with a note
stating this was unworkable and Williams
withdrew the written order but gave a verbal
order that no white girl should be assigned
to a machine with a colored girl.
Ralph then gave orders that this should not
be done unless absolutely necessary.
In October 1913, Ralph under orders from
Williams, Ch. Clerk, instructed by Williams,
printed a notice in certain toilet rooms
that they were for exclusive use of
whites.
This order was the cause of all the trouble
Williams also ordered Fitzpatrick of Abbott
town to order Ralph not to recommend
107
colored people for promote and Fitzpatrick
gave this order verbally to Ralph.
New Building
The new building was designed under Mr.
McVeyt who was very liberal in his ideas
as to colored people.
Under this plan of building an colored unit
could not have separate toilets unless
they are partitioned off or signs posted
In new building you could partition off the
dressing rooms and this might be done
without causing trouble, except that there
are 3 girls of mixed blood but to all
appearances absolutely white who would
have to be forced into the colored section
and they will bitterly object to this
It would be perfectly practicable not to
partition off the dressing rooms but to
assign the ladies so that there could be
no trouble whatsoever
Williams also wanted absolutely separate
work rooms for whites & colored but
Ralph said this was absolutely impract-
icable at present time
Ralph said he looked ultimately he could
establish entirely separate colored divisions
in the work rooms.
I doubt him to drop this absolutely.
