12
August 3 Sunday.
Harriet Draperkin denied w. me at Met. Club.
Prof. Bullack later joined us there.
This case I had was as to sending 2d Agent Chandler
to Paris to help Dist Alty in Boston determine
smuggling cases. And Sec. Custer declined to let
him go as the Dist Alty & later the Alty, him.
Said interests of Govt would be profanely injured if
he did not go. Emphasis w. Sec. & his agent C.
shield go & I so advised him.
Aug 4-11 Sue Meador had over my disgust of the financial line
and out morning sent for me and introduced me
to Rip. Elans. we had a conference & finally they
agreed not to go over the line & he had annuities
running are unconstituional & refusing any other
suggestions I wanted. I purchased a long list of
annuities after many conferences w. Elans and finally
the Secy said he would accept them without even
reading them, he was so busy. Mr. Weiller of W. J. June.
Con. is claimed as financial expert by the House
Council & Elans telegraphed him to come down. I found
that the agent w. not on almost every suggestion
& made it. The Sec. gave me out herpound annuity
allowing Reserve Bureau to discount directly for Indian
notes issued on w. bank securities w. out using the
indocument of a member Bureau; he said Mead
W. was inclined to favor them & he must be
persuaded to give him a dollar good name
by rejecting it. I informed him that not having the
notes should be endorsed by a member Bureau
13
that if this was done, while I did not like it, yet I
would not object of me. to save the Bill; wills
have the same position. Elans said he agreed w. me
& willsought hard to reject it in toto but could succeed
any way that such honor must be endorsed by
a member Bureau.
I tried hard to press in a provision that the
reserve notes should have on them the name of
the Bureau issuing them out, but Elans said Bryan
will not agree to this & that he was following the
Bill carefully through his friends on the Court; that
it was B. who insisted that the notes must be
endorsed by the Court.
I also received an amendment which Nat Bons to
establish savings Banks departments, shifting out
permission to buy other Bonses for their husbands.
Elans said if this were allowed certain Republican
support had been promised for the Bill.
I also received amendt as to exchange of 2 1/2
bonds for 3 %s.
I gave Elans a copy of the Mass. laws on Savings
Banks.
The Sec. also turned over to me Bullaene suggestions
for annuities to become tax law assuring me to advise
him when to accept them.
Aug 6
Wed. Meador said he wanted Brandtis to act as
counsel for receiving of a failed Prov. Bank.
Advised him again to consult B on all objections.
Meador warned him to call him on telephones the
next day.
