the State Debt this Mr Cook arranged the seats at
table for me. Mr Cook said the President must
go out first w H.P.H and I to Bullion at
once w. Mr Marshall. I called up Miss
Hagner to ask us to this and mention the new
men I quite knew what to do nor did Alvin
Ruggles : the latter called up his Marburg
who said no such rule existed in the last
Admiralty. Finally I asked Mr Marshall & he
said sometimes about rules followed and
sometime not. I asked him what was
the proper way & he said just as Mr Cook
did so we followed the course
Jan 27 Tuesday.
Mr Hardin called and said Wash Port had
a statement yesterday that he gave a license Sunday
forboard by cards. He thought this might have been
politically & asked if I would write him a letter
driving it which I at once did. It was an ordinary
license & of course no cards were played nor any
money
Jan 28 Wednesday
Trained with Gen Foster to meet Gen Miles Begun.
Jan 29 Thursday
Trained w. Mr Miller, Ant to see Collier's letter of
Wednesday.
Jan 30 Friday
Trained w. Mr Langhlin
91
23 Friday.
Colleter Hendy of Nagatire, Ariz. came to Wash. in
orders. Said the Constables had plenty of money
and were getting almost ammunition. Assured him how
this old be done. He said only way he could think
of would be by converting them in civil character
to keep from Denver.
see. Redfield later, at Presid. reception
Jan 29
at 11.15. His request for hand money for Credit in
favor of having all acts of San. Louis found
and dated by And. of War Dept. See letter 30.
President absent. This by letter.
Jan 30
Ordered Mr Cust. 12M to obtain money to sustain
honest business carried by surrendering
illegally.
Refused request of JW. Meyer to permit entry
of five pounds along Em. border destined for
exhort or. Attempted to board w. out product
of Em. invoice.
Jan 31 Saturday
Trained w. Mr Doughlin
Sat.
Later this afternoon Collier told me that a new collector
of the longhorned division was being promoted and
measuring had just completed it and could send
me proof that myself & Mint Ant. See. Collier's letter
of Monday ordering Welles to the chief clerk to send in the
honor of the Secretary of the Treasury his name on Ant. See. on charge
of fraud. Bureaus and leaving a blank obliterati
