14
Friday.
sent over w. Bankers & mit. Burnett Wilson at whole
costs.
Sunday. Maker calls on me. Sends Dubois Cent. RR had
agreed to be bounded to carry prisoners baggage on
route to the U.S.; that only authority under
law was to carry mail from one point in U.S. to
another than over eminences territory; thus was
evolved by Sec 3005 & 3006 Rev. Stat; that no bearer
of mail had ever been bounded for such purpose
except that carried. Now RR had been given such
a bond 2 years ago and had executed at only this point
under this bond baggage of prisoners could be
forwarded from Dubois to any point in U.S. by
delivering it to an Amer. carrier at first port of
arrival in U.S. The objection of this bond was never
published in a morning decision.
M. said these carriers have all U.S. bachelors about
from their U.S. offices carrying baggage at times
and if not desirable it is best in a sealed car
going through to destination without delay without
costs of mail are intact; if desirable it can be
forwarded under current seal or the officer at
service can give notice to officer at frontier and
it can be appropriated there or an entry could be
made under S. J. Act.
The only authority under law for such bounded
route is from our U.S. Post to another and
even these bounded routes have been limited
to Am. carriers.
15
apparent exceptions:-
The United States R.R. is incorporated, as to the route
of route in Maine, under the laws of Maine;
so also the U.S. and it also serves the Erie R.R.
M. said the U.S. R.R. owed an application
for such a bond and then withdrew it, before 1873.
M. said the Dubois Cent. application was on the
way to me but he would mark it special in
some way call it to my attention.
M. said other laws were Sec. 3000 & 3001 relating to
appropriated goods and act No 13. 1911 author. bounded
current to load & unload at night; also Sec 2.7.
act of June 10. 1860 relating to unexamined and
unappropriated goods.
M. also said Sec. Shaw had consoliated all
such bonds into one form, making certain
abund results.
Monday. John Burnett Moore dined with me.
Said he was not talking on State debt and
should not stay there longer than 1 year; that
the debt was not properly organized, there being
no accurate division of duties between the Auditors;
that frequently unconsistent letters were sent
out; that Usborne was a chief snatcher and
knew absolutely nothing about his duties; that
Adel also very able was old & sickly; that
Malone had almost no attention to his work,
continuing the practice of law in N.York.
B. was relying letter against him Foster; said that
when Sec of State or just before, he had many
claims on behalf of Dr. Lewis & that he made
