16
contract w. Mr. May a lawyer to prosecute Illinois
claims, he to receive a share in the fees: that
he had a dispute w. May who thereafter filed
the contract w. the State Debt when Eakin
was Sec. of State; that Foster tried to induce
Eakin to remove contract from the bills but
Eakin refused & this led to the quarrel between
them; that undoubtedly by this time he believed
Foster had succeeded in getting possession of
them through Lanning his own law. (Figs)
Eakin was told not in the same state.)
Aug. 13
Lord. Sec. Bryan called me up to ask if Gen. Duncan
Shuter was counsel of 2d Mr. W; I said he was
was but resigned; that I resigned as counsel
in 1910 & I did not know whether Shuter was
Employed and that Gen. Hallis could doubtless
lie him.
In coming called on Bryan & was with him an
hour; he was very cordial; strong of his
appoint; said Pundt W. old not likely offering
it to him nor old to hold accepting; said he
bully believed Senate would not confirm him;
said he had about given up ambition to be
Pundt, that he wanted business time to study
& that in 3 months he old can arrange for a
year, talked much about Bible teaching & read
many extracts from his elementary addition &
Scotland Irving me a copy of his autobiography.
Said he had decided to replace Shuter on
Senate. Sunday its time - that he heard he
was personal counsel of Miller. I doubt if he
17
wanted him resignate & felt such Shuter could at
once accorded if he wrote him that he wanted an
man on the Court on full sympathy w. Mr. Ashburn,
and he said he would write him a well letter
along these lines. Said he wanted Gen. Bryan
to know Berlin. Shore of financial Bee and
said notice of business having been transact to
him had all the business of money, was called
on telephones several times as to financial Bee
and suggested men who could subscribe Demo-
crats to vote for Bee; evidently was supporting
it & turning keen interest in it.
Aug. 10-17
Many complaints on to scaling of cases from this
Canada bel. U.S. courts; sent Sh. Agt Wheatley to
examine into it.
Aug. 21
Thursday. Eng. Curley called & said Geo. Peck Williams
wanted an Ambassadorship; that he was out
in the cold, every body against him & he told
him he would help him; said he had bitterly
attacked Bryan on Nebraska but that he had
seen Bryan who bore no resentment; also that
he had just seen Pundt W. & was surprised to find
him apparently not hostile, but if anything
attentively friendly. Said he came to me to
see if I could obtain W. as undoubtedly I
would be consulted.
I told him I still not object in any way; that
W. had attacked me vigorously but that his attitude
was so positively incline that I could afford
to ignore it; that in any event I had no model
