128
interest from 36b1. and 6bays respectively to the
dates of payt of principal on all of the
bonds domestic and foreign. The certifs given
for these deposits by Jordan were the usual
ordinary ones not mentioning bonds. A.
these deposits represented interest solely
H. said it would be perfectly simple to
refund this amount and to recoup out of
the coupons held by us in the final
adjournment of the interest. As we had the
coupons & also the money deposited as
collateral, it was plainly inequitable
to keep both; H. thought if we could
safely pay back an amount equiv. to
the sum the Synd. paid as above stated.
H. said it would not be well to consult
Sic. Carlisle as his fin. instructions auth-
-orized this counsel.
We then called up Jordan on long
dist. Telephone & said we would authorize
him to pay back $166668.81 to the Syndicate
on the distinct understanding and agree-
-ment that the whole matter should
be adjusted later, the Court giving us
no rights it had in the matter by this
payt and that the Court could receive
the amt of this payt out of the coupons
held by it. That is thus, all this in form a
129
payt of money paid for accrued interest on
all the bonds, domestic & foreign, yet in
substance was to be treated as a return of
the sum paid by syndicate as collateral
for delivery of coupons viz: $166433.61
I requested Jordan to see Synd. & to
pay this sum, if they agreed to it, to
them, but first to let us know wh. the
Synd. would accept this proposition.
We then sent a letter by mail enclosing
the certifs for $166668.81 & authorizing
him to cancel them & refund the amount.
Huntington also sent a personal letter to
Muhlenberg Ant. Davis fully explaining the
whole matter.
No telephone was received from Jordan
after this, this day.
Mr. Jordan should not have received
a certificate on bond act for this $166433.61
It would have been much better if the
whole amt had been orig. deposited in
1st Natl. Bank and the payt of prin. made
to Texas leaving the collateral with
the bank.
to have adopted my suggestion and since
a new certif. on bond act would on the
bonds, at least, leave us in the position
of having issued $166433.61 in bonds
