116
was paid out of his to remit the rental
due U.S. from N. Amer. Com. Co. He also
said that a draft of a new loan was
prepared in案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案案
the rental settlement which Foster would
have signed had be not received an
anonymous letter threatening to expose
the whole matter.
Said that Elkins had said he expected
to kill 60,000 each year and realize
monious profits - no matter what
might be the result to the land.
Williams also said that before Elkins
went into Harrison's cabinet he (Williams)
had bid for the contract for the mails on
the Russian islands; that his principal
competitor was Mr. Libbs of the N. Amer.
Com. Co; that one day Elkins called on
him (W.) and asked in behalf of N. Amer.
Com. Co. if they could not the allowed
an interest in this lease - W. id. They
could have 1/4th & sublease Elkins title.
W. then in San Francisco or Russia, that they
would leave it. Subsequently on his
return home Elkins & Mills learned
that W. as a part of the arrangement
had reimbursed Libbs for money
117
obtained by him to secure the contract
and calmly informed W. that as they had
got their money back which they had
about they now declined to leave the U.S.
interest in the lease - a most astonishing
breach of faith. W. said Elkins told him
that he earned $400,000 of the interest of the
N. Amer. Com. Co. and had made enormous
profits out of the first year of the lease.
(a) said that he knew that when Elkins
went into Harrison's cabinet he put his
stock nominly into Mills name but
that his real ownership continued.
April 4-7 In Philadelphia examining Court, House & Appellate Courts
given a lunche by Mr. Thos. Louis Krumbein;
Min Sarah Williams & Min Brickley (granddaughter
of Tom Scott) among others were present. Went
down Delaware river on Rev. cutter Hamilton
with Collin & Asher.
April 8 Divided w. Mr. Williams to meet Captin Arthurson
(1) of Russian Navy. He knew much about
the mail question - he said that England by
her treaty with Russia on Afghanistan
induced Russia to agree on modern mail
of 30 miles around Commander islands
which must pass over before arbitration
abroad.
1895
