370
objections & told the Judge. Women was
wrong as matter of law; that Cong. had
appropriated a large sum of $4 m. for
payoff of pensions to all men in rolls
or who may be put on under any of
all acts of Cong., the debate is still
in one section that 1/2 m. of this which
for Purdts pension ruling, and Cong.
delicts omitted any refer to the
ruling. The Purdt: old reserve thus
order just as he old drew a frontier
person from dirt, only to the State
making provision a vested right to be
annulled only after hearing etc. It
told him the Court of Pension, by statute
was subject to Sec. Attorney and to the
President (debtors for Secy. Dreaney) and 1.
Sec. Old overrule ruling, to avoid any
question, however, I preferred a form
of reply which said that, assuming
order to be inviolable at pleasure of
Exce. he could revoke it. He accepted
this suggestion
While on Cochrane Monday night Judge P.
inserted an insertion in Jackson found the sent.
begun. 2nd §. He said under my touch his
message had lost some of the convention
he wanted in it. He also on Tuesday
371
1904
excited the 8 in h. c. (Kawthlet copy of last
proof, h. 59 Sec. Bk Vol. 3 p.) began. "In my
interest & ending" be followed."
Friday
24
Trusted final changes in message & complete
proof. Left Judge Parson's P. M. finding at
Hoffman House. He told me he never still
forget the obligation he was under to me.
His Sec. Mr. McLeanland said the Judge told
him he was greatly pleased w. my work
that it was worth more than the whole
army.
Wed. 2nd called on Lammit & told him about
my work for Parson -- he was much pleased.
At dinner called on Hill -- J. D. -- He was much
disappointed that it was not to him for
Exce. Said if it was next year to come to
him & he could help me. He also went
over Nor. Sec. Devin & said he could make a
church in it & he said he could send me
the mil. diets.
Before leaving for N.Y. Mr. Douglas met
me in my office, & said he had a
long talk. He said finally -- let us leave
the question of moment to the Party. If
you are won't'd I will run as Secrt. Gov.
