120
President was to read Steeplechase message to Congress
over Mexican situation. He ordered all
shred & carpet 9.15 train for Wash.
then went to hear President deliver his
message
On the train Sec. Houston said he looked President
whether cold weather would not shut that we did not
intend to stay in Mexico after accomplishing our
purposes & Sec. Meddoo strongly agreed with him.
Houston id ultimate solution was to distinguish
Minor doctrines and leave others of indifference
under control of U.S. 2nd Infantery & Engineer corps
all 50, American except possibly the Argentina.
Apr 23 Thursday
Huston arose along Mexican border on request of
callers that arms & ammunition were coming
in on route to Mexico, sent our telegraphs &
some for Constructors. Malbum & I went to
City who had with him Grant, Harrison &
Houston. I advised sending telegr. to all callers
to hold all such spirits pending final instructions
& told them all such telegrams sent day before.
He rather sharply said he could not do that
at least until he got later in. Pardot who
was then out dining. That evening just as
I was going to Russian Embassy to drive Sec.
Meddoo telephoned me to send such a
telegr. to all callers. I called up Kilburn
& told him to get Malburn & send out such
telegr. which they did.
121
April 24 Friday
Sec'y came & called on me. Cobb especially
desired for specific orders as to arms etc
already there. Sec. Meddoo considered matter
settled.
Sec. H. not at office today. Told me to settle all
matters w. Malburn. I advised H. to leave
conference w. War Dept & at 12.30 we went
there & had conference w. Gen. Lee, Beecher, McRae
& Gen. Witherspoon, Chief of Staff. We agreed to
have Callers to hold all armaments of war and to
give them constructively into hands of army
officers. There was no authority of law for
this but we agreed that such armaments might
later be used against our people & that the
emergency demanded quick action. Gen. H. said
he could assume all responsibility.
Apr 25 Saturday
Sec. Meddoo by telegrams asked me to see that all Callers
will await that order until we have food
& food supplies.
Apr 26 Sunday
Told Sec. Meddoo on my advice it was most
advisable to send 100 millions of Panama
Bonds out of the 200 millions available;
that the money was not in good hands
as there was not over 10 millions suitable
of arms ever to be obtained unless you include
in arms the subsidizing silver coin and
