144
fail and that I ought to have anything
I wanted.
Sunday
Mr Meador has not mentioned the Revenue
Bill to me since his return except once
last week he asked me to consider a
legal question he was talking over with
Elliot saying - this is a matter you will
be interested in - and then suddenly
concluded himself by saying - we shall have
to have many letters about the Revenue Bill
from the Treasury point of view.
Mr Wellborn really every day intimates
that I am to be disappointed & from his
intimacy w. Sec. Meador I feel quite sure
they must have looked it over together.
June 8
Sec. Meador has been seriously entangled in N.Y. habits
for demanding 1 million dollars for canal work
to tunnel under N.Y. P C & Ct House building.
He has always seemed adverse to granting them
on any terms. He assuredily told to all business
it & they said it was worthless million
dollars. The day he was married he asked
me to look into it. I asked Alty how to
get U.S. Dist Alty N.Y. to examine letters
& he replied that bill of the condition
of the letter the U.S. could ask only
a nominal consideraton other than on
aspect of N.Y. City - which it was willing
to give, that all damages to present building
145
and all extra expense in foundation of any
new building in future should be made good.
I carefully examined the letter & reached same
conclusion & telegraphed this to Sec. M. at
Corinth. He seemed distressed at this
& asserted that I should write Alty & Co
to ask if there was anything in the letter
& if so, charge him the most value
of the contents which he asserted was
1 million dollars. I did this & he replied
that was nothing in letter to prevent charging
for most value but he refused to say
what this was. Sec. Meador then by letter
asked me to ask Alty & Co what grounds
he based his opinion & he replied that he
arranged the terms in some portion as if
arrived by private individual interest or
conclusion or instruction but of instruction as
now pointed out its value might be
letter or nothing. I then saw Alty & Co suggested an arbitration.
Finally Sec. Meador wrote letter to Pub. Serv. Comm.
claim by me suggesting such an arbitration
but he had in at end a statement that
one of the terms of the grant was that
the Pub. Serv. Comm - in view of the
unvarnished attacks on him - must publish
his letter at its own expense in every
paper in N.Y. I begged him - by a written
order - not to do this but he insisted
