150
Appr. slants also charges filed by Cust.
Chaplain, Asst. Secy of Navy, and
Appr. Schornof. Also to
meet Comr. Bd Gen. Apprs. to discuss
amendments in Cust. Adam Act.
Feb. 9
Sunday. A dispatch from San F. states that
charges were to be filed against me for
interfering in the trial of Capt. Healy of the
Rev. Stev. Bear and influencing the Trial
Board vs Healy. I at once said the charge
was too silly to dispute with a denial.
Only ground it can conceiv of for this
charge was a letter sent by Dept. signed
by me to Board to withold report until
Prof. Berg, Speaker of Phila reached San F.
S. was on the Bear last summer on a
scientific expedition in possession of Dept.
he complained bitterly of ine treatment by
Healy & said that Healy was demote the
greater part of the voyage. He said he
would live to testify in the matter and he
also filed charges vs Healy.
I determined that S. should be sent
out to San F. to give his testimony and the
conclusion of Times as to his evidence old
be fed out of Rev. Marine Appr. Act.
Sometime before this Captain Sholman
151
read a letter from one of the Trial Board stating
that Capt. Hooker had testified that he knew
nothing about Healy's drinking; that Capt. S.
had told him by. he left for San F. that Capt
Hooker told him all abt Healy. Capt. S.
then asked me if he had not written to
Hooker and warned him of letter wh. H
never had written him (S.) stating absolutely
that he had frequently seen Healy drunk
- that when the officer retired a letter
containing the charges vs Healy - he Hooker
did not give the charges to Healy as he
was then too drunk to receive them but
left them w. Capt. Newman of the Alaska
Corr. Co. to give to Healy when he became
sober - and much other discriminating
matter set forth specifically in the
letters.
I at once told S. not to write Hooker but
to send copies of Hooker letters to the
public prosecutor Lieut. Reynolds so that
he could frame questions to put to
Hooker to refute his recollection.
Capt. S. has just told me that he did
write Hooker sending extracts from the
letters - that he also wrote similarly
