64
last testimony abroad, - do you want them for the
indictment or for some further charge of duels?
I do not remember Arnold relying to this
point also said if any dueling duels were found
dust they would be paid - even if it entitled to
200000 more. This was the first support made
as to dueling points.
W. said frankly that the fact that some
740 add parcels were made changed to his
personal act now passed for all the country
dut. most honest bad, and that undoubtedly
they had been put in a fatal position by
Thullier and by the War r ; but that he was
absolutely innocent of any intent to defraud or
any knowledge of fraud; he said ten years
experience amounted to one error per year and
that he admits no account, every thing being
settled for him by the Paris court U.S. officer
Arnoldwald went home with me and I asked
him to furnish a short current client as to
the proof to show a firm for his case. He said
he could do this
Nov 22
writing. Dravid in. Adam. Switzerland: Pennant, Gen. &
the Weeles, Mrs. Spence, Capt. of Amsterdam,
Mr. Maessey Smith, Mr & Mrs. Moore, etc.
65
Govt.
regard letters to cutter of Cust. U.S. ordering him to collect
duty due from Cust. U.S. & Enr. Texas. Rigs for exchange made
in Canada to enforce the mail wholly an domestic trade
in U.S. Ruled also that engines taxes engaged in mutual
trade were not debatable & old be exchanged in Canada
wont being subject to duties.
Last week I ordered Justice returned of putting on
inspectors on evening trains of 24 Nov. Mr. Irving between
Wilmington & Nages, at urgent request of Gen. McClellan
who said yesterday at Nages made great delay at
border & U.S.R. was advertising that trains trains
were running there on trains. Some time ago we
discontinued putting inspectors on trains: one of the Rigs
objected but finally all but the 24 Nov. agreed to
the discontinuance as no great delays were shown
on trains after instruction were taken off.
The 24 Nov. was much more busy. Inhibits the
other Rigs & I delay = gratis.
The Cust. Gen. forwarded a letter just after the
discontinuance, which I signed, to Gen. McClellan &
thinks, saying if decent. showed delays the
hackeries will be resumed. Gen. McClellan came
to see me several times & I assured him the
present in the letter - which I did not original
would be right. I felt that as long as mechanics
were in Canada, trains in last the same facilities
should be accorded trains, and which, annex.
trains in competition w. Canada trains in U.S. trains
the 24 Nov. however was told that this was a
