the Em. Act of Nov 7 - Welland - has ruled
that where stocks are reported on sheets
entered on sold bond in U.S. and the royalty
is payable on the U.S. on such bond stock
when & only if sold, the royalty is not a part
of the fair market value of the unreported stocks.
The decree was dated Nov 16 so we have 10
days in which to appeal. I told the Attorney
about it & urged him to cast it to the
President's attention so that we could direct
an inspection to official to Bill of it. He
said he would do this & noted the fact
that the official must be claimed in
Nov 22 as last day. We cannot use it only,
and I said ordinarily in a question of this
injuriance I held stock on official but
that the decree set at rest a long continued
controversy & if the President did not want an
official reason, I felt we could safely
allegiance.
Monday
4 ant. Sec. Curtis called for me to let in
the Van Allen Thumping effects one as he
considered my decree to swing duty was only
a temporary ruling; he also had sent a brief
attacking decree of Chief Court, appeals on the
Bucke case, somewhat similar. I told him
& should not change my decree & he asked
if he did go to the City & ask him to withdraw.
I said I had absolutely no object
59
to such action on his part and he went on and
talked with him. He Sec. said he would
leave into the matter personally.
Friday
Had letter w. Sec. Harrods on to Washington cast; he said
he had talked the matter over with the President and
that the Court felt that if the evidence secured would
not a strong prima facie cast the instrument should
be passed, and he assured me to say this to the Attorney
General at the conference, & P.M., and he added that
on the facts shown, of Attorney Gen. should decide not to
pass the matter it would give rise to a court scandal
than the Committee cast.
Thursday evening.
Received w. Mr. Miles Henry White; President, Judge
W. W. Holmes, Judge Miles Pettitly, En
admiral C. W. Neil, and Sec. Miles Franklin Roosevelt, Men Delano, C. 247, 1174.
Sat.
3 P.M. Conference bet. Attorney Gen. Mc. Arnold myself at Attorney
Gen. office. Mr. Lewis, Attorney & John Wanamaker abandoned.
Attorney Gen. told them he could be glad to receive any explanation
they could give of the heavy fine of duty of court.
result at Phila. were those on a few minutes - said
there were no fraud & no embezzlement - that the Court
had robbed on each case. insisted that there were
fraudges involved samples without value were not
intended; that the Court examined proved those
frauds as free being of no commercial value; that
the Court was thus responsible for Orleans to receive
duties lawfully due; in reply to Attorney Gen. he said it
was hard to believe that Orleans were not correct;
