38
see Mr. Stone asked me to see Moore and on Friday
2 P.M. 2117. 3 I went over. Mr. Moore said he had
prepared a plan to effect that we were right
that horses, to whomsoever assigned, were not
members of war, nor civil saddles, but as
Washington had once ruled that saddles were
to shield not detract from the use of horses
it was an erroneous ruling, & that Alty En
gle Reynolds ought to override Washington. He
also said Mr Reynolds opinion could only be
considered as the War continued it.
I then called up. Stone who said he was
inclined to agree that horses were not members
of war & all Washingtons opinion on saddles was
hostility harbored and was wrong. He was going
away & asked me to confer w. Herron as to
the 2nd request for an opinion of Alty En
gle which we sent over the day between. Later
Mr Moore never arrived, as about
Saturday.
Herron came over & said he had herpased an
opinion for Alty Enge signature that horses were
not members of war & that he should also
overrule Washington as to saddles.
he coming down w. Moore at Met. Club; he suggested
to Mr Herron that he could say that Washington
indirectly meant military saddles & thus he
would appear not to be overruling him.
Friday evening. Meador telephoned me that
President had signed Taussig Bell and Ste
hannany at all wind collectors all over the
39
couniting that new laws would be in effect Sat
morning Meador failed to assist me to Mr President.
Moore, Commissioner, State Dept. sends me message to effect that
horses are not members of war.
Thursday. Addressed message to address Man. Dem. Clubs
Department of Liquor Bill not enacted into law by Sat.
a rumor reached me that the Committee would not subscribe
-early endorsed the President on the Taussig Bell. I called
up him. Riley in Boston; he denied this and asserted
to draw up any pleasure on Advertiser, Taussig and Stehann.
Bell I wished to go on the platform of his would see
they were executed. I mailed such telegram etc. I
hurried late that P.M.
Sat. Dem. State Committee strongly opposed
for delay in Building obstruction as he had advised
President to wait etc.
Emphasis at Stockton w. Alty Enge, Maloney & Taussig
taussig said he wanted President to send in
Billings name alone; I suggested that this would
make public opinion. President was angry because
not endorsed. I thought he should get it
send in the whole state, as if nothing had
happened.
