386
Rev. D. rarely, practically never, consulted
me on any matter during his admittance
he always appeared friendly. He asked
Clinton Colgate RR Com' ; I urged him to do
this, and so did many others.
I shed have been very glad to be appointed
as orator at the Portland League Train to
present Albany. Crowley told me that
Hobartty told him that Rev. D. said to him
-I- that he could not appoint me as it
could be displacing to Easter! A fitting
reward for all I had done for the
Rev!
Rev. D. to date has been a good Rev. The
clergy were very much obliged to him
for abutting so few church - and it but
things bad good reason for Rev D. if not
an A. C. comes as near to it as anyone
in my memory.
Rev. D. finally announced that he could
not run again. He told me he had no
doubt of his election but that it could
cost him at least $100,000. He said also
that the State party machine thought he
could have to appeal to them for help
and get down on his knees to them & the
Democrats to show them that he could
not.
387
from what he said them as no doubt in my
mind that what I predicted long before
to him had come true, viz- that G. and his
machine could sistitate him in hopes he would
not run & that G. would run again himself.
June 3rd, it started for Alb. to go with
B. to Yellowstone Nat. Pr from which
we rode to Alb. Sat. June 17, I reached
Boston June 19. Am June 3d I resigned as
a member of the State Com'c. A few days
after a long news article appeared in the
Herald attacking me. It was evidently
an interview w. Easter put on the shake
of news matter. It was put on, I suppose
by Mr. Gattang, and was an unfriendly,
untruthful account. The Traveller, continued
by G. also had a savage attack. The other
papers were very fair.
Since above last entry in diary, have spoken
at dinners of Bkch. RR. Y.M.C.A. also at
communion. dinner to Rev. Preston, returning essay
of church. of law. Also presided at joint
debate bet. Jnftrt. Coll. & N.Y. University.
Also was one of judges at 2d deb. bet
Williams Coll. & Dartmouth, the other
judge being Mr. Colgan J. Rich and Judge
