48
would be better not to mention it. I changed my subject at last minute
& said nothing about it.
At the dinner (N.Y. Plaza Hotel) he Fortis
went into the question just as I feared
he would. (see Sarah Bk.) but I followed
my instructions & said nothing.
Wednesday.
Sept 12 N.Y. 8.05 Am. went over Washington
whilst carefully. arrived 2.35 PM
and found message from Atty Gen to come
over & see him. Stephens made application
for 4 C.M. Funds Charles Clifton & the
Commission of United States Black. Co. Union.
We had long letter as to Washington
suit. I told Atty Gen that I was satisfied
there was a carefully prepared scheme
of fraud, that the suit was defrauded,
that the claim was correct, that the
Commission had protested by the fraud,
and that no one other than myself
have known of the fraud; that a new
civil suit should be brought for addition.
debris found due by the report;
that as to an indictment there was
probably enough evidence to successfully
meet a State to Division; that as to
whether we could have beyond a
vainable doubt that John W. & his
sons knowingly contrived to defraud
the Govt were another question which I
Wednesday
Sept 15 Secy.
Sec. U.S. assisted me to prepare a memorandum criticizing
the new confidential draft of financial bill making
the United States legal tender and Treasury for redemption
of Nat. Bank notes by issuing legal tender War. gold
notes.
10-16 Sunday. Richardson came & sent it to Secy. who told
49
me carefully consider before reaching a
definite conclusion.
The Atty Gen. said he had had a talk
with Mr. Arnold & would read his report
carefully; that he found it would be
impossible to convict on an indictment
because of the fact that the fraud could
not amount to more than a fraction of 1%
of the duties annually paid by U.S. to the
Govt (1/2 of 1% as stated in Arnold Report) and
that there was no specific evidence
advanced to me in the report showing his guilt;
knowledge or participation in the embezzlement;
that U.S. would probably leave the stand and
assert that he knew absolutely nothing of
the fraud or that goods for his personal use
were being brought in for no sensible purpose;
that he could show his large dealings with
the Court house & could aver that it was
all taken care of by his agent without
his knowledge and that a jury would
probably find him not guilty unless
the proof was most convincing.
He finally assured me to look at our case
from again after he had read the Report.
