134
already dead. Sedit. seemed very disturbed but
I still feel that he had not urged my
obstinate, he said he had it in mind
for the seat.
I did not say to him -- what I felt -- that the
Puett chief have offered me the obstant
before abhorrent Miller, a chief have at
least sent for me and have offered some
appreciation for what I had done for the
Adventurers accepting a subordinate honor
and have explained why he could not
offer me the position.
May 8
Today.
Several newspaper representatives have called
& said there was a general consensus of
opinion that I was entitled to liberty, black
& that I could be appointed.
May 9 Saturday.
Hugh Wallace called & said in confidence
that Col. House had urged on the President the
necessity of appointing me. He said the only
trouble seemed to be that it could secure 4
members of the Adventurers; also that
it was the Charlemonts and that if the
Puett fraud I was too young for such a
position. I said if this were the only obstacle
he did appoint since we are eleven -- he
should start he felt sure the President did
not want to make Warburg chief. I thought
have to of the man in place of Liberty would
135
not make them.
He said he thought House ought to go on &
later w. Liberty; I said I had never expressed
any desire for the position & would only and
wanted to be able to say that no friend of
mine by any means, or current had expressed
my want. He said -- then you forbade me to
see Liberty or Col. House to see him. I said
absolutely. From his manner, however, I am
convinced he will see him.
He said House saw Liberty Sunday May 3 &
thought he could accept.
I told him that if I were Puett I would not
obbit myself often House had been obbit.
He said if not obbited, there could probably
be changes in the cabinet & I would be
in line.
He said Col. House and he both felt it was
essential that I should be appointed.
May 12 Tuesday
But the Emmissary (colored) called & said Railroad of Ben
of buf. of route had issued orders signifying colored
people in our dressing room and ordered them to
use toilet only in that room. I told him I would
not believe him or I had heard nothing from
them & we would surely have asked permission
before making any such order. He said that
if the colored people were let alone they
would naturally come together; it was an
order that they objected to, or at least all but
a very few. I told him I would examine
into them at once.
