42
to say to Sec. Wheeler that Mr. Eastern President of the
Nat. Shawmut Bank had come out against the
emancipation Bill and he suggested that Sec. Re. send
for Eastern to discuss terms of a compromise; he
said he would be glad to come in with him.
I told him to see Mr. Colby was very angry
with Eastern & intimated that the million dollars
of Railroad bonds which he had intended selling
the day of war to transfer from Mr. N. P. Hallowell
Bank in Boston to the Shawmut Bank might
never be transferred.
Have had some trouble with loose publications
as to fixing most value of unauthorized books;
they meant that the export price to them be
taken as market value -- this would be
absolut. contrary to law although it was done in
1877 under Sec. Sherman. The last Admiralty
fixed up a kind of compromise leaving the
price act. fixed but w. a provision that it
should not be more than a certain % below the
foreign list price. This also was absolutly
illegal. In addition the last Admiralty heard
that authors very often were not part of
their value, -- an absolute violation of a decree
of the Ba. Ea.
Under existing practice the Boe. publishes
import for books enbowed -- the duty being
the same as on bond books -- and bond then
in this Country. They contend there is no book
most valuable abroad for sheets enbowed and
Act 13
43
that; the book price should be taken working
balsawoods to get for most value. Royalty
however is paid on these sheets except that
it is paid after importation. If we look
practise in this country -- there are more on
enbowed books. The importers would use to take
the price they pay for the sheets without
royalty, all the royalty is as much a part
of the cost as of the printing or publishing.
I wrote Mecca that price paid is not
for most value and that we could not
accept it as such. Explained fully that we
allowed all imports there in a sheet of sheet
price which can not be taken as most value.
If it were taken the large importing publishers
would get books as sheets at less rate than
the small publishers & the rate of duty
would vary.
This afternoon Supt. sent in a letter from the
Courthouse enclosing a letter from Me. Colby &
the Court said he regarded the duty on books
as a sinless act & looked something else be
duty to mitigate the severity of the law.
In the letter of Me. Colby he said -- "Sec. Hancock
regards only the law & the law is forbidding"
or words to that effect.
