18
and that if he saw that fit he could say this
to Willhains, not in any name, however; that if
W. came to Washington I should be glad to see
him & we could settle up our old score in
5 minutes; that from the view of political
stratagy it was much to commend itself on
obstinate and blind so far as I was concerned
I had no objections to offer but could let
by gusps let by guns. I said I earnestly
wrote a letter, the matter not being in my
Dept. but if asked I would cheerfully express
the above views.
Lucy seemed very much alarmed & said he
would put W. of our enmity.
Aug 23
Saturday, Mr Chief Justice White at Shortland & Mr
Marshall together. He was very pessimistic about our
effort, said he had a plant costing $65,000 which now
was not worth 365 cents; & he did not complain;
however, if Congress believed this to be best policy; and he
was inclined to believe that Mexican matters still
best be worried out through Mexico. He had convinced
from White whether things in way to annex. Ben Austin
melting in Michael.
Aug 24
Sunday. Took long drive w. Alty Gen. McKinley modes & then
walked home 2 1/2 miles & was dinner at Mr. Club.
He asked me again to get a first class man for
him as Alty. General, said very difficult to get a
Democrat; suggested Geo. Wd Williams; too exact too
cranky; I said he was a very able lawyer
& that he had attracted me very bitterly and, as
19
I was sure several times he could realize, unexpectedly, but that
I never allowed such things as them to cloud my
judgment as to a man's ability. He also spoke of a
suit vs So. Pat. R.R. & I suggested Brandis; this
seemed to elicit him favorably; he asked if I
thought he would be willing to leave the present as
suit probably must be brought in Kentucky; I
said I felt sure he would. He said he had
offended to retain him in the United States Machinery
and U. J. R.R. & H. Court but that B. advised against
this.
He also asked me to find out whether Joseph
Knight was a Democrat or if he was, he
thought he could find a place for him for office
work. I strongly urged him the Councils brother
for same purpose & he said he would consider it.
He said Mr Clancy wanted him to appoint John a
fullswain Trust. Alty & he asserted about him Riley;
I said Fullswain was a splendid man but that I
had endorsed Riley & I felt he was a man
well equipped for the place & moreover had done
splendid work as thrice of State Court; I begged
him to consider him candidly on the place.
Aug 25
Monday. Subman (Pres. Sec.), Halstead & Lubrathly dressed with
me at Common Club to take over complaints of
illegal practices at Black Rock, Buffalo in
connection w. Staked money on route from one point
in U. S. to another entering Black Rock, w. id it had
been source of trouble for years; that certain
train had sent thru w. out restrictions, that
entire train had been made days after the cars
