342
the rest of the platform was substantially
finished.
Finally the question arose wh. we should
adopt the platform or wh. we should
file a minority report on gold plans.
If such a had been filed Bryan
would have filed another which would
have raised not only silver, but also
the Kansas City platform, 1) Greenbacks 2) National
Bank Notes 3) Molting silver dollars into
subsid. coin 4) Anti currency 5) Aldrich
Bill 6) Income tax 7) Internal Revenue tax on
fuels selling cheaper abroad than in U.S.
8) A protective remedy on trade -- the 1900
plans; and others.
Pilgerin could have raised question of
East own. of RR's
In such a gold minority report the
Dem. leaders all told us they would
oppose me C.J. Williams, Tillmann,
Rogers, Carman, et al.
We felt there was little chance of
earaging such a minority report and
all the Con. in substantially felt that
such an opportunity could be given
Bryan as he now has had before
to rupture the Dem. Party.
If such a minority report failed
343
we knew the Country would take it as a vote
against the Gold standard & that would
mean the ruin of the Party. John Shanks
Williams said that such a defeat meant
the nomination of a radical candidate
which meant certain disaster.
We felt that having him voted down --
Conc. the absence of a gold plan
might very probably defeat the Party;
we knew the defeat of a minority
plan, surely meant defeat. We were
unwilling to leave the responsibility of
throwing such a dynamite bomb into
the Convention, feeling that it was wiser
to run the risk of defeat at the Ballot
than to count upon defeat by misdi-
recting such a row in the Convention.
We knew that the Kan. C. Platform had
been overwhelmingly rejected -- that Bryan
other plans had been voted down --
and that in all human probability
Judge Cassius would on his letter of
acceptance fully attend for any
silver in the Platform.
We felt: that it could be more prudent
not to file a minor report especially
as Bryan would then agree to support
the platform without dissent.
