52 1893
Feb 29 Court of 3 of Civil Service Reform Ass't of Mass.
not today; consisted of RH. Dana, Henry W. Lamb
and myself. We drew up a form of letter
quoting Cleveland's speeches at Villard dinner
in N.Y. and the dinner at Manhattan Club and
assuring the recipient whether he endorsed C's
views and whether he would support him
if he endeavored to carry them out. This was
sent to many people.
" 23
Presided at monthly dinner of J.M. Om. Club.
Shops. (45.13.63.64)
March 2 About Court published some of the letters in
Cleveland's Civil Service Views.
(45.13.70)
" " Quincy leaves for Washington tomorrow: told me
my appointment was settled and that he should
stay in Washington and see that it should
be announced as in a few days. Said he
would telegraph me the moment he saw
the President
" 7 To my amazement I read in the papers
this A.M. the. Quincy had been appointed
and had accepted the position of Secy of State.
This was the position
which I at first wanted and I knew
perfectly well that in all human probability
his acceptance would prevent my being assistant
secretary of Treasury; months ago he told me
that my appointment was settled and for
him to accept this similar position knowing
that I had wound up all my business
two months ago on his assurance that it
was settled, and that too on the assurance
to me that he went to Washington for the
office he possessed, among others, of hastening
my appointment -- I can but consider highly
dishonorable to one who had always been a
faithful friend to him, and to, recommended with
honorable conduct only on the distinct assurance
of the President that I should still be appointed
to the Treasury.
At my office this A.M. I found the
following telegram:-
"Think your matter all right. Quincy is not
to interfere.
(Signed) J. Quincy."
"I still have a feeling that Quincy is merely
"letting me down" easily by this telegram and
that I shall find that it will be found
"imprudent" to appoint me and that the
matter will be allowed to hang along until
some other man can be graciously inducted
into the office.
