78
permitting them to go before the jury and be
even warned and then allow the jury to
consider the whole evidence as applicable to
the law without any attempt to influence
their honest judgment by the District Attorney. He did
not answer this directly but I certainly suspected
from his manner that he himself believed him
anything different. Finally I said I would go
over the matter with the Judge. He left us saying
he would let him know when & if the matter
was made any recommendation to the Attorney. I said I
would submit this request to the Judge.
Waldred came in. He said he would not
believe him. He was quite indignant at Lewis stating
that Attorney S. sat he had demanded every
word into his ears. At Court he said he would declare
to leave any responsibility on the matter. He
asked me my opinion & I said I had
nothing new to say but it was practically
nothing towards the opinion that in view of
Arnolds report & subpoena docket I could hardly
expect the responsibility of addressing an abandonment
of the proceedings but that the Judge should be permitted to
go before the Jury and that the Jury should be
permitted to consider the case without any
influence by the District Attorney. Then a barrister
presented himself in the courtroom, with of course
a new examination of the witness; that it felt that
a crime had been shown. The long continued
abuse of the particular in the court room
79
prescribed by law; which I understood to be
the first of the case. Mr. Arnold, having substantially
said that any constitutional events would be
merely to give in evidence otherwise precluded
unadmissible; that this event in fact had
resulted in loss of justice by the Court; that the
W's had directly contributed by their refusal; that
the gift of the camera & the key of prisoners
came to the Judge, and also the apparent
knowledge by JW. of the entire absence of
correspondence in the criminal world -- all certainly
called for answer if they were not evidence
directly of criminal guilt.
the Judge asked me to forward a letter to Attorney S.
along these lines for the careful consideration
of the Court.
Friday. Miss Sally Williams, Judge Sexton in law Miss Williams
(Mrs. Patterson) and Madame Lett of Brussels handed me
an
letter. Miss Harrod walked in with me last night and
said he had had incorporated in the currency
Bill my amendments as to issuing Bonds to raise funds
to redeem the Revenue notes for which he would
keep it in the Bank
Saturday. Mr. Belgian Senator Mr. John Harrieth to meet Mr. &
Mr. Lett. Present: Mr. H. H. Stouffe Robert daughter of
Holland Senator, Belg. Sec of Legis.
Present w. Gen. Miss Crozier; Present Sec of War Miss S.
Gen Miss Netherlands; Miss Bradman; Miss Melanley;
Morgan Biddle, Sec
Stouffe
