146
June 9 yesterday.
He Dudley of Wash. State told me in confidence
that he would not put the President to the Board.
Have every reason to believe Sec. H. asked
President to appoint me. He expressed
that President does not promote me - he
does not seem to be very enthusiastic of
what I have done for him.
June 10
Washington Post announced that I am not
to be an inspector yet.
June 12 Friday
Sec. McAdoo, just before going to cabinet meeting, called
me in & said the President -- at his cabinet request,
had decided to appoint me on the Fed. Res
Board; that his only obstacle had been
because putting 4 members on from the
official family might be criticized; would
not for this I could have been among the
first to be appointed. I showed him and
assured him I gladly accept appointment.
He then asked me if the President was
obliged to designate the Executive Wk. hour
when the names were sent in -- I said
No, he did not designate them until they
were appointed & confirmed. He added that
he still asks the President to make me
Res.
In the afternoon he sent for me again &
said that the President could send the names
147
to the Senate on Monday & that he had determined
to appoint me as Sec and Mr Jones
a lawyer of Chicago as Sec. Gen.
Mr. Smith sees Houston & Bullman strongly
backed him up in his request for my
appointment & designation.
I told him how I advocated the honor
that I looked the Board could be harmonious
as deserving opinion would weaken its
influence; that there were many questions
which must come up under the Act, in
the relations between the Board and the
Treasury which could only be adjusted
by most cordial and intimateate relations
between the two, that in some of these
c.g. deposits of public money the money
was real paramount and that in all
these relations there must be perfect
harmony betw. the Treasury & the Board.
He said he could not tell me how pleased
he was at the President's decision, all he let
him know how he could get along
with me in the Treasury & that I must take
him on choosing my successor. I suggested
Malbum & he said he would take well with
about it.
He seemed very much relieved at my
appointment for he said the large financial
interests would never trample & crush
to earth the members. I told him the
only special quality I claimed was that
in harmonizing conflicting interests that
