52
probably impossible to convict them, either by
it and the evidence is such that a motive
to murder after the best evidence is an old
not to sustain it. He has not yet reached
a conclusion as to whether to advise a
criminal prosecution or not.
He told me he wished to say something to
me in absolute confidence; I said I did
not wish to hear anything I did not fully
hear the Alty En. He agreed to hear and then
said that his trust, W's counsel largely had
said to him that he could not hope to
succeed any prosecution from this evidence,
that he, with old hands second a brave
officer for him, that John Wannamaker had
said to him that a bill toward his arrest
would be of great use to him in his business
and that he could be glad to give him a
large retainer. Arnold said his talent to
have to but not this as he believed Lewis
was an absolutely honest man.
Either Saturday or Friday a Mr Alty under
of Trenton N.J., I think a Newark man,
called on me & talked much about the
Wannamaker case; he said he disliked him
and had room for it but he knew, with
all his faults, he was not the kind of
man to defend the sort of duties. He also
said he had great power with the
press and would make a terrible fight
if attacked. I am satisfied he was bent
to try to rehabilitate him.
53
Arnold and I went with the Alty En. from 2.30 to 5
in Wannamaker's case, we went over the principal features
with great care. The Alty En asked many questions
and had evidently read the report carefully. He said
it appeared evident that a scheme for destroying
the En't had been devised and successfully put through
and that it was clear the examiner had been
completely passing doubtful goods as one in cut
and used values; that before declaring whether the
grand jury should be asked to indict the W's he
wanted to be sure that the evidence secured in
which case he would be sufficient to
convict; he seemed absolutely fair and impartial
and to desire simply to get at the truth of the
matter; he said it was a heavy responsibility
and that he wished to leave no action not
warranted by the evidence; he seemed to have
some doubt as to whether correctives could be
had -- requiring proof beyond a reasonable doubt --
concluding that there was absolutly no evidence
doubtfully indicating any of the W's and he felt
that the most careful study of the evidence should
be made before definitively declaring as to whether
crime or innocent. Arnold said if indictment
was brought it should contain eminency counts
as well as direct charges of interfering by false
testimony etc under Sec 9 Act and other
statutes; that the eminency counts he did not
much rely on because in absentia to get
at the houses of foreign houses who hold the
53
