12
whether it would not be advisable for
the Independents to have a man meeting
for Cleveland; it was decided to have a
meeting, as largely as possible under
Democratic auspices. Those were present:
Henry L. Puelt - Sloung - Codman - Dr. Everett
Robt. Burnett. David A. Wells of Conn.-
Charles Jackson, Geo.S.Hale, Andrew
Turne, Warren, John E. Russell, Em.
Coleman, Josiah Quincy, Mayor Matthews
and myself.
March 10 May or Matthews gave dinner at Passau
House to Democrats to decide whether or not
to join in Klan meeting proposed by the
Independents; those were present:-
Mayor Matthews, Gov. Russell (for short while only)
Em. Coleoran, Henry L. Puelt, Josiah Quincy,
John E. Russell, Covernay, Me Donough Me
Lanfflin, (Sandwich), Harvey Collison, Em'
Collins, Patrick Maguire and myself.
It was felt that Democrats who were
officers of Dem. Organization ought not to
take prominent part in a Klan meeting
as it would tend to impair their
influence in the Party.
It was suggested that at the coming
convention April 8, a resolution be
passed endorsing Cleveland as cand
13
1892 for Puttlt: that this would do away with
necessity for a meeting at least before
the Convention. Genl Collins said he would
not go as a delegate if such a resolution
was offered; that while he admired
Cleveland, he felt the Party should not
commit itself in advance to any one.
We discussed the question till 12 P.M.
when finally Genl Collins agreed to support
this resolution at the Convention. Quincy
then read a resolution which while not
specifically pledging the delegates yet
stated that Cleveland was the choice
of the Klan Democrats for the nomination.
All agreed to this and we pledged
ourselves to carry it out.
March 16 Another meeting of same men who were
at Son. Club dinner; after long dis-
cussion it was voted to postpone the
Klan meeting, until after the Dem. Con-
vention.
March 15 Shotte at meeting of N.E. Jas. Ref. Dragon in
favor of an anti fire silver resolution
which was sent to every member of
congress.
March 10 Letters on Silver in Herald; chiefly in Journal
(2 S. B. 95, 100)
