108
the result of our conference I laid down
4 general rules for the guards and he
said they were practicable & would furnish
a good basis for conducting the Bureau,
with, of course, reasonable discretion to
arrange individual complaints in a manner
just to all. These rules were:-
1. Justice to all.
2. No notice on toilet rooms.
3. No discrimination in formations
4. No discrimination on work room
5. No partitions in dressing rooms.
Mar. 13. Friday.
Had later w. Sec. Melvill. He wrote down
Rules 2,3,4 & 5 and said he would consult
w. the President
Later on the day he said he had gone over
the matter with the President who subsequently
acknowledged the above general rules which
were to be given to Ralphs verbally.
As to Rule 4, it was distinctly understood
that the direction was given discretion in
individually cases to arrange on fair or
possible, w. out open class, so that
individual dissatisfaction could be met by
rearrangement, the general rule however
being that there should be no discrimination
because of color.
109
Mar. 14 Friday.
Williams called at my office and commented on
the bright opinion which Rockefeller had returned
stating the amount, thus showing that the Secy
had hated him.
Yesterday the Corr. of Sec. Rev. told me that
recently Williams brothers had called on him
with a few lawyers named Lyons and they
bought argument on to a certain claim -- that it
was the function of the Sec. of War to
petition them of the Corr. to decide the claim
either at that time by their brothers the
Army Secy. would have decided it.
Mar. 16 Saturday.
Sent for Ralphs and gave verbally the following
instructions saying they being acquainted them I
did not let him know the Court also had
acknowledged them
see p. 108 for the 5 instructions.
Ralph said he was confident he could carry
them out without friction; that posting no
notice on toilet rooms was the vital
thing to do & could remove all trouble. He said
he could guilty take w. some of the negro
leaders & advise caution & no expressions of
opinion on their part.
I also asked him to tell me exactly what
situation there was on the Bureau here to
and until Genl. Adkins came into power
