338
8 P.M. I was appointed on sub. Comm. We sat until
1:30, passing over drafts of platform. But
presented by John Stokes Williams was
taken as a basis. I presented a limited
drafts No. 1 by Richard Olney, No 2 by
Henry L. Nelson, Col. Howes, Severing Williams
and myself. Mr. Newlands of Nevada
also presented a limited draft.
Pin. dists. that Edwin was over the
Tariff plank must objection to words
"National only" - Began fought for this
and took my draft. He brought bitter
Williams plank calling for a "wise,
conservative, & business-like revision". Finally
on a vote Began's suggestion was adopted.
(See recap Book)
Thursday
July 7 Sub. Comm. met 10 am. Sat until 2 P.M. when
full Comm. met. Said we hadn't agreed to
"...adjourned to 8 P.M.
We passed a gold plank presented by
Heil by 7 to 3 - two being absent, Began &
Williams in the Convention who would have
voted against us passing it 7 to 5.
Finally after much debate and confusion
we agreed on a report for full Comm.
339
8 P.M. Just Comm. We met in session until 11:30,
next day Friday. Many dramatic scenes
in Comm., we were beaten on the gold plank
35 to 15. Paper credited this to Began -- not
just for reason of defeat was that
Leaden, Lins Williams, Tillman, Bengey,
Carmack and others went against me
in spite of Began also offering. They strongly
agreed that silver was dead & had no
desire to revive it, but they said they
would never consent to putting a gold
plank on the platform, thus desiderating
that w. their constituents at home. They
despised Began and only supported their
apparent accord with him on this one
matter.
The trouble with Began arose out of other
platform offered by him and Pettigrew his
first District. He insisted on an immense tax
plank and the 1900 plank giving a remedy
to Trusts, wh. plank was so radical that
no one believing in private property could
accept it.
Sometime in the Comm. I think Sen. Tillman
made some remarks to the effect that
these planks would frighten Calcutta &
scare away compromise construction.
This gave Began his chance and
