96
Mr. 20 Tuesday, Smith w. have Anderson to meet Jbs. Smith. Then to
21 Tuesday, Smith w. Justice Sawyer.
23 Monday,
24 Tuesday
25 Wed.
26 Thursday.
forwarded at my file in Maine in absent as ass see. No
letters of opposition.
Non-mates prepared July 23, 73; sent to Senate July 25;
Confirmed July 28. Date of Comm July 31; Walth Amst.
letters in Paris from Sec. Secretary to President July 22; Kearney
letter best man on place -- not a candidate but
will accept -- urges speedy appointment. All congress
United strongly for him: received by Albany. Richmondcheaper
obviously.
Dr. Longfellow -- Washington July 28 -- congratulates Sec. on
appointment of Com.
Sec. Halleck -- President July 24.
Consistently endorsed Cato for President "My suggestions to
you last week regarding Mr. H's political ambition
at Boston many have been misunderstood. I cannot
merely think his association even rotten with the
unenraged militants of Boston. them w. the practical
politicians or the renowned radicals live in
J. F. Willhain. Mr. H's apparent or collective might
be criticized on some ground but I believe
his apparent to be Mr. Sec. will meet with
universal satisfaction in N. England. --- Mr H
is a man of proved ability & great experience.
Personally he is most attractive and socially
the man. Higbertson Brugge, a most charming woman:
97
also a letter from Ellery to him thanking very much
for very friendly would be glad to understand from
any officer of the only knew what I wanted;
that I only could say that if any one, officer and
I could consider it; assumes I old have collar
at Boston on West Col. if I wanted it; Illinois &
could herbur ass Sec.
see p. 9
Thursday,
Have dinner to Sec. & left Regen.
Mr. H. Smith
Mr. Col. Halleck
Mr. Col. Halleck
Mr. Col. Halleck
Map of Washington D.C. showing locations of individuals and their connections.
last week Mrs Sec. Newton told me had arranged & had
written appointment down to Lieutenant Col. Prew, Sec. to a
vacancy & remained down to his office at a slightly
better salary but that Mr. Williams as Acting Sec.
without consulting him had overruled this and
ordered me of two classes assigned to this vacancy
Must be here advertised to see who said the
order must be revoked.
Wednesday
Write now Bureau of Eng. & Ordnance w. H H H and
