24
fully.
I told them both that I should give the
matter my most careful consideration, that
I had him counsel for the B H of U.S. but had no matters in connection with the Act
End since 1810; that I should enforce the
laws of U.S. without fear of favor. They look
of himself themselves strongly & warmly that
they could be perfectly satisfied with any
decree in the matter.
During the latter part of Mr. McKinwolds case he was a week in
attested because from to appointment he had given
advice to Captain under U.S. "Green Sister" law. which
also he had given opinion to Stock Trust as to how
to keep in the law; also that he had written
the Court letting him of this before his appointment.
At request of Mr. McAdoo I wrote a carefully, carefully
legal opinion as to powers of Congress to levy income
tax on bond interest of Uncle. Colbys due to nonresident foreigners. My opinion was that Congress did not
have right to levy such a tax on the foreign bond holders because
they had no interest as an expert law on the
American courts, etc. however, it had not done in the
act. See McAdoo wrote letter, prepared by me, to
Sen. Williams of Rich. House making my opinion & support
that act in waste perfectly clear one wing in the
other. See. asked me to speak to House about it &
I telephoned him & had several conferences.
25
also wrote him several letters. See letter Bk. 11.
Sat. Sept. 6 Sen. Williams introduced an amendment
which was passed by Sen. in cause of which substantially
taxing such indirect paymants as a tax on the
foreign bond holders.
Also purchased list of accounts to furnish. Beech would
not, by change in Beech to effect that Revenue notes
should be redeemable in gold only. See, McAdoo wrote
me that there had better be later action Senate
but that he had sent a copy of my letter to
Lang. Elan.
Saturday. Sent Mr. Williams telephoned me at
Hotel, 3 O.M. that Sen. Summms had sent very
an important letter as to amendment allowing damages
allowance on unjusted writes etc. He sent letter to
me & Sen. Summms Secy, he brought it up.
Debt was closed & all eleven away. I purchased
a draft changing proposed amend & brought it
to Summms & had conference w. Sen. Connolly who
withdrawn the amendment; he acknowledged changes
& the Sen. in Court passed the amendment. See my letter
to Secy.
Tuesday.
See McAdoo send for chief assistant Billings called at
Boston & he called up, these Congressmen on Term
to tell them; many were away. Pelton, Pelton
& Duluth came to see him & Duluth telephoned
protested as Billings. Pelton hotel me McAdoo offered
free horses to him but he declined it.
I had nothing to do with as purchased about of
