376
to help Hackett. One night I telephoned
him and read an interview I had written
for him to publish, affirming his candidacy
it id S. was not openly in the field and
if D. could convince Hackett safely; that later
if D. believed S. should not have it (and D.
id this was his unalterable determination)
it would be harder to come out for D. as
that would be a direct slap at S. Id
asked me to telephone Buchanan wh.
I did and advised him to ask D to tell
Mayor Collins. Later Bush. told me the
Collins could send for Gaston & that
he would be obliged to go down.
I think Collins did not do that but
he consulted Governor Douthit of the
Board. mechanic w. a view to pulling
Gaston out.
Thursday
N.W. 29
Buchanan called. Told me the story of
Douglas' desertion from Army. Id he enlisted
in 1864 was in one fight -- wounded by
lay falling on him in fight behind Grant
works -- sent to hospital Clinch to
hospitalate at Radville. Then he drew
money abt 300 due him appear as
bounty and deserted. He went to
Playsmouth Thomas by ship to Elmavest
377
thereout Court. He said D. had been admitted
of a recent law and had had an honorable
discharge obtained recently from war Dept.
Said this had cost him $4000. and paid
to some one in the Dept -- had also official
written so that no one old yet at his
record during the past campaign.
That he Bush. first knew of this during
campaign -- that he found every newspaper
had an article set up on the subject
wh. he had succeeded in suppressing;
he first said that certain assurances
were given by him -- not in Douglas's
name -- or to his using every effort to
prevent his running again if this
information were not used; he was very
equivocal as to this as to whom any
assurances were given. Finally said
that Judge Elmore Judge of the District
but thought it improper to move at
public; that Curtis Guild had also
described it; that a meeting had
lat er place between a nephew of Guild
where name he could not give -- and a
rep. of himself ad which the matter
was laid before -- that he had listened
the matter over personally to Guild --
that Guild had called on him in
