402
that I had told him we w. ds Coughlin in
suggestion that it come out for Moran
but that we both believed that even
if I wanted to do such a thing,
wh. I did not, it would be most
foolish. Crowley about two months ago had
suggested this to me saying that
Moran never would since time subject
me an opinion.
I told Crowley under no circumstances
I came out for Moran: that my
present intention was to come out for
no one and not to enter politics as
it was now definitely out; that of
course if Gov. D. announced himself
a candidate I must support him
but that otherwise I should keep
aloof.
C. sd Moran told him that Gaston
had sent some one to him to say that
the machine would nominate him
if he would agree not to try to control
the organization, but that he had
declined to make such a bargain.
C. sd he thought Moran was more
after the organization than any thing
else.
He sd also Moran had said to him
403
that I was keeping quiet and C. sd
he told him that he thought it was
my intention to keep out of politics
absolutely for the present, although he
had not seen me for nearly 2 months
since I was in Washington.
On August 14th I went to
Atlantic City between 80.75 S.W. R.R.
Convene. The Times News & N.E. R.Rs were also
invited; I went at Mr. Fuller's request. was
shown Trust. Web. & Showed. Monday Am went to
Phila. to see the Mayor Gen. Counsel P&R
at his request. We went over the P&R indictment
& at four hrs some cases which he had not
discussed, at them discussed with him. After
lunch he told me he had asked the Gen.
Counsel of the N.Y. Cent. & 400 W. & City of this
city join w. Pa R.R in employing me as
General Counsel at Wash. for the Times News;
he said the condemnation would be at least
$40,000 per annum & I should have clerks,
assistants etc. He said he had not heard
from them yet. I'd also stated he got the
approval of Lawyer McKeight, their counsel
at Wash. before making the suggestion;
that the City of Wash. at first was very much in
favor but lately thought they ought to
go slow. I'd he could be very glad
to retain me for the P&R Lines alone but
