192
the letter gave rise to much speculation as
to who wrote it. Everyone believes Sherman
was not the author for he publicly
denied a month ago that any short
letter had been sent to Gen. Butler - evidently
forgetting that he had signed it.
The papers generally attributed the author-
-ship of the letter to me. The letter in
fact was the production of Foster &
myself. I briefed it furnishing the
legal arguments, statistics etc while I
actually wrote it. Several phrases in
it I strongly objected to but finally
at Foster's urgent solicitation agreed to
it as I was convinced Gen. Butler would
not reopen the question as we desired
unless a very sharp note were sent
to him. Our note accused him of bad
faith & favored it. She had refused
to reopen the question in a very super-
-cilious, almost insolent series of
letters impinning bad faith to us
because of our simple request to
reopen the matter.
Presidt McKinley at first could not
permit the note to be sent nor did
Sheerman want to sign it but Foster
finally persuaded him that it was
1897
193
advisable. The fact is however that both
the Presdnt & Secy of State read the note
and tacitly approved it by permitting
it to be sent.
Divided at Cherry Church with Secy &
Mrs Gage. Vice Presdnt & Mrs Hobart went
home & Mr. Newlands U. C. of Nevada.
also Miss Wilson (d. of Secy Agrie) - Miss Long
(Secy Navy) The Misses Gary (PostM: Gen) and
a relation of Vice P. Hobart. After leaving
Newlands gave us a dance at Cherry
Church Club.
26 Secy Gage arrives in Boston with Mrs Gage.
E. Rollins Marsh & I meet them at 5
7 am. Take them to Vendome.
27 3.18 They go to Marion with me.
178 Divides to Gage 2.30. Trilcrist hotel. I speak
6.45. We go to New Bedford to spend night.
Hon. Ch. S. Randall calls on us.
28 We drive to Marion. 2 P.M. E. C. Benedict
comes over from Irving Gables to take us
over to Ex. Presdnt Cleveland - I had
previously made about 2. train. Bonville
Cookman was in Marion meeting Mr
Paul Thorndike (vice Sherman) - I leave
him with me. spent afternoon with
Buadt & Mrs Cleveland. In evening
drived on "Omuda" - Mr. Gage - Cleveland.
1897
1898
