28
the Southern States trying to break the effect
of the N.Y. Tammany men who tried
to turn delegates from Cleveland. I was
assured by Mr. Whitney, thus John E. Russell
to whom before the Texas delegation to
answer Col. Fillows of New York who
was to try to persuade them that Clev-
land could not carry New York, I agreed
to go but the Texas delegation finally
decided to vote for Cleveland, so no
further arguments were necessary.
Mr. Cable of the Illinois delegation told me
that Sen. Palmer was not loyal to
Cleveland as he was popularly supposed
to be: that on Tuesday before the meeting
of the Illinois delegation, the Palmer men
asked the Morrison men to agree to vote
that it was inexpedient to nominate
Cleveland. When asked who would
propost this resolution, "Joe" Pass, Sen.
Palmers right hand man said he would;
the Morrison men refused this proposition
and the delegation voted as a unit for
Cleveland.
Our delegation were inclined to vote for
Gray for Vice President; but Cable came
to me Thursday, A.M. and assured me
to ask our delegation to vote for Stevenson
29
saying that he could safely carry Illinois.
I put in all the votes I could and our
delegation cast 20 out of 30 votes for
Stephenson.
The treatment of alternate delegates was
outrageous: they had to sit with the
speculators no special seats being assigned
them. at first we were not even
allowed to be present at the meetings of
our delegation outside of the Convention:
finally they were allowed to be present.
Altho each delegate had 5 tickets to
give away, yet the alternates had
none except their own tickets of ad-
mission and when once in were
not allowed to leave the Convention
for lunch or any purpose until
adjournment; they could go out but
could not come back.
The delegation - or those of us who knew
the facts were very angry with Govr.
Russell: we wanted him to go to Chicago
to second Cleveland's nomination and he said
he could not as he had to go to Williams
College to receive an L. & D. The next we
knew of him was that he was at
Buzzards Bay directing the campaign --
sending telegrams as to the platform etc.
