404
beard that might be concluded by Moran
as rebellion in him, etc. He knew Penn. cannot
will not want to come obtain to do. I
told him the suggestion appealed to me
strongly but of course could not decide
until the offer was made.
Sept. 23
JB Thayer & 2 children spent day with
me at Mtts. Said Newman of N.Y. Club.
before going abid told him did not believe
of having joint counsel - thought each him
should represent himself. Said Newman would
be back Sept 10. and he would take it up
again w. him. So he was determined to
hunt them through.
Dr Coughlin called me on October 1, one Sunday
night - said Filley was to see him next
day to ask him to carry campaign for
Moran - said he could not do it.
2 days before campaign Dr C called me up
& said he was working for Moran -
as also John Cummins. I said it was
absolutely out of politics.
Sept 28.
Jenny Webber called me on telephone - the Col.
Democratic wanted to know w. and if he
could call me up that P.M. He did not
405
call me. I don't know what he would - asked
Dr C. who said he did not know but thought
Moran might want me to preside at State
Convention & advised me to accept. I said I
wished to leave no part on campaign at this
I had no intention of bolting.
I took no part on campaign - most of my
friends who supported me in 1902 & '03
went friendly to Hearst c. g. Dr Cookle, Coughlin
Crowley etc, but they acted as if to their
own ruin & w. out consultin w. me.
1907.
Asped by the Cobling to secure resolution for Denver
Convention. I prepared a draft which I gave
to Cobling. It contained, among other things, a
plan calling for a Public Utilities Comm. to be composed
of a council of 7 of present Common Carriers
R.R.s, Elect. Light & Gas, Highways, Railroad & R.R.
Co.s; added powers to be given over Mexico that
it still have all the power over intra-state
business that it has now interstate bus. &
such addition of power as legal, deemed wise.
It also had a clause furnishing immense tax &
wholesale law permitting legislative agents &
representing lobbyists as criminal to public
interests. Cobling told me not agree to any
of them but if he would obtain a
