40
atty. Gen. some days ago asked me to write them
whipful as to legal standing of papers in court;
I did & whipful endorsed him largely as clerk
also Homer Allison -- I sent letter to Atty Gen.
at this business. Maloney & Tumulty urged
appointment of Corwell. Atty Gen. denied the stronger
Sullivans should be appointed, especially in view
of action at State Convict.
I sent Prudt and Sec. Bryan (secretary intervenor)
my plans & these adopted by Convention.
Bryan said he did not see how any member
of the Admstr. could help in Campaign.
In a long letter I declined to permit Mr. Court RM
to meet to old quarter of city at Vanckebro,
under wh. city often met made united
can had left.
This time met with Sec. Osborne, St. Dept., and told
him of Albany Convention. He asked why Williams
did not stop it. I said I thought he was
not blind. I told him Williams would be
ambassadorial. He seemed surprised and
favorably so. St. W. had come to town to get an
interview w. Bryan. I told him I thought
it would be good politics to give W. some
office as it would lead to bring out desired
adventurers in line; that W. had attracted me
better, as he had the Prudt vBryan but I
did not care & could buy out the hard in
about to promote harmony.
At about Lincoln Tumulty should w. Corwell
41
of them would be Gen. Wm. N.J. -- Fielder, I think. Such
he had written urging Admstr. to keep out of the
fight & that he, Tumulty, had given him a piece
of his mind.
With about 10 P.M. returning to Hotel, found notice to come
up Boston operator, did so and Judge Kelly answered.
He asked who. Corwell was appointed Dist Atty; I told
him I did not know but would ask Atty Gen.
I then questioned him as to Divn. Kilbourn at Court
Saturday. He said my proposed plans were not
received until Sat. Divn but he admitted that they
were done in his honor. He said the proposed
specific endorsement of Prudt Wilson was before
the Court & vigorously opposed to because of the
profound abolitionist of Bellings. He said, however, that
the Kilbourn did select, in doing Prudt Wilson. I
said I had all the Sunday papers & not only
mentioned the Prudt Wilson in the Kilbourn; he
said the papers must have omitted the original
draft of the Kilbourn; I asked him to send me
a paper containing an endorsement of the Prudt
in the Kilbourn; he said he would do so.
He also showed of Andrew Peters having something
to do w. Kilbourn as finally adopted, also Jeremy
Peters was a member of Republican Convt.
at laying of corner stone of Boston City Club. In coming
there was a dinner at Hotel Somerset and 1150
attended, all the dining room was used. by Prudt
Taff, Geo. Smith & I were the speakers.
After dinner Mr. Bacon of New Boston asked me
