This am. I urge Lieutenant W. Andrews Petrie and
write our whole matter with him: he said I
would be very fortunate to come back in this
position, that the Admiralty could gladly give me
anything I might want. I told him just what
I told Land & said I would never ask for
anything.
This night I had letter w. Judge Madden on
new club N.Y. over telephones. He said Sec.
Madden told him that President Lincoln should either
honor shield be hindered to me and assured him
at a friend of mine to call me up and bind
wh. I would be willing to accept it. Judge Madden
said he telephoned Sec. He advised me to his letter
w. me & he said he would write me blessing
me to accept it as a matter of duty.
Said that letter, knowing that Sec. Madden had
not written me he had told Sec. Madden how
annoyed he was & that it had hurt him in a
former position etc.; that Sec. Madden advised me
my appointment would not interfere with the
present political situation in Illinois; that he knew
and he was sure it would not and that
the Sec. then assured us I would be in sympathy
with the Admiralty & the United States Navy yes,
that I must earn a trusty & honor our many
years. Judge Madden then said something leading
me to believe that Gen. H. O'Neill had been talking
with the Sec'y & that he was not very favorably
disposed towards me; that he told the Secy
that O'Neill & his friends will not in sympathy
with the United States said laughingly, "well,
I guess will have to give you for O'Neill this slip:
I expressed myself fully to Judge Madden on
political questions since 1876, & think I was U.
President of the Union College Illinois League and President
of the Union League of Illinois & think I was in
absolute sympathy with the Admiralty.
Judge Madden said that after my telephonic
message he had sent a long telegraph to Sec.
Madden, stating how annoyed he was etc etc.
Confirmed by counsel on Mr. Water Court.
at most determined to give up practice of law
and resigned as local counsel of C.P.R. (See
letters to Shanghunney & Crilman, Gen. Counsel.)
I sent Boss. on to Collector's of Boston: my
name circulated by conspirators on East of the;
was only named returning votes of all the conspirators.
Several conspirators told me that Sec. Madden
said there was some obstruction to me as
Army Sec. from Illinois. Mr. Thacker said Madden
asserted him up of fact that I had been consulted
for B.H.R. Should militate against me.
I said, absolutely no; that my services were
needed as an expert on civil. law & civil. law
and that it was to my credit that my
expert knowledge on these matters was
negliged.
Mr. McNary also told me that Sec. Burgan
asserted him up it was true that the fact that
