250
journeys in the East and then came out
for an English alliance, offensive and
defensive & particularly depreciated any
alliance with Russia whom he rather
certainly attacked. I spoke of what Russia
had done for the U.S. in the past and
reminded him that the Czar of Russia's
initiative brought about the Hague
Convention. Later I played accompani-
ments on the piano for Sumner Coolidge
to sing & Joan Howard for the Clan.
August
7 Went to New York and called on A.C. Houghton
and asked his support in the contest for
nominations for Gov. He received me very
kindly and said he would be delighted
to do everything in his power to help me.
He said he was a friend of the Eastern but
that his candidacy for a few years at
least could be postponed because of
the fight bet. the Boat Clevalier RR & En
Clark. He said laboring men would not
support G. -- that he would send for
Leyser and have him take Eastern to
withdraw & that he would assist
him to some effect.
He told me confidentially that the Boat
Clevalier was not satisfied with
251
G. and that he would shortly have to
resign. He said that it was essential
for the Clevalier Co. to permit his name to be
used as a candidate & that he intended
to tell the Mason so at once.
I spoke to him as to fact that Boat
Herald had not mentioned my name
in any way & he said me the explanation
when Holmes wanted to raise money
to control Herald his friends went to
Eve Crane & asked him financially --
Eve C. told Houghton that if he could
give $25000 he, Crane, would give $50000.
Fairly they both determined not to
do it and other parties furnished the
money among whom was the Boat
Clevalier RR Co. on the distinct understanding
that its policies should be supported
by the Herald -- that this money came
from the Eastern.
Same day had int. w. Downing Co.
McSweeney at Holland House -- asked him
when next he went to Boston to finish
what the sentiment was as between
G. myself & if he found it unfavorable
to G. to frankly tell Robt Burnett etc.
He said he would gladly do this and
anything else in his power for me.
