I have been convinced of the B & M. RR. was not
generally known & that he had held two that
this had been a purely political change and
that there was nothing in it; that he had
always had known this & that my words
had been in connection with the B. Chamber of
Cour. & that every body cognizant with this
matter knew it. He said Bryan should very
obviously of me
July 21
Monday, Sec. McAdoo in Boston, telephoned me but I
was out at Long Hill hospital during June who had
just been operated on. On returning, called up Sec. McAdoo
but he had left for N. Texas.
Tom Riley saw him & strongly urged my appointment as
called. Sec. the seat saying - lets assume that
Mr. Harlan is out of it or is dead - but then said
I can see no one else under the to be Mr. Secretary.
(Tom had written several letters as also Dr. Coughlin
regurgitating strongly).
July 23
about 3.30 P.M. McAdoo called me on long distance
telephone from Wash. Said he wanted me to arrange
old hands of Ant Sec., that he could find no other
man as well qualified, that it was my duty
to accept, that he could have called on me long
ago except for reasons which he would bully
up him when he saw me, that while he bully
assuricated that I did not drive the black
yet he needed me badly and that the Adlats
must have me. I said I would at once go
to Washington to state matter over & would await
their Friday Am. He said he could not wait and
in fact he had already sent my name to the
Presidt relying on my surety of duty to accept. Finally
I told him that while I did not want the
nor any other person, yet I did want to keep
the President himself and that I could not
accept this call to duty and I placed myself
universally in his hands. He thanked me
most warmly and wrote me later a most
kind appreciative letter (see Sec. B&R.)
July 25
July 26. President sends my name to Senate.
July 28
Monday. Confirmed by Senate.
July 29.
Called up Louisville MacFarland on telephone on another
matter - he said he was delighted at my appointment, that
we secured & introduced, the resolution on the B&R. RR
as bearer of Emancipation Resolution in the State Convention
of 1912, he knew I was a man who could be
trusted to do absolutely what I believed to be
right and that I could always count on his
support.
July 30
and.
Sec McAdoo in his telephone message assured me to
find out something as to how long he, candidate
for Calv. & suggested my strong Brandins.
I had met B. I think the day before in the
Union club & he had told me that he had
seen McAdoo on Sunday at Beverly and that
