122
June 26
Lord.
The Morgan syndicate Mond. & Tuesday
paid in last installt of gold due under
contract -- the amt paid 7 1/2 millions
was almost entirely domestic gold
not proc. fr. abroad as cont. called
for. Many inquiries at Dept as to wh.
Sec. Carlisle had modified the cont.
as to release syndicate from import-
ing gold. I asked Huntington Chief
of Loans Div -- & he said no modifict
had been made to his knowledge &
but presumably the Synd. had disposed
domestic gold merely to stop further
payt of accrued interest on the bonds
not yet delivered. He further said the
synd. had paid 234 millions gold
loaned from abroad -- whole amt called
for = abt 30 millions. We accordingly
deemed it wise to state to Pres that
no change in cont. had been made
to allay apprehension wh. seemed to
be prevalent that we feared must
run on Reserve & hence waived the
requirement of actual substitution
of gold.
This afternoon we telephoned Jordan
at Trust N.Y. and learned that the
123
1895
Lord. Synd. had delivered to us only a little over
15 millions of gold borrowed fr. abroad.
Jordan said that there was an understand-
ing bet. the syndicate and Mr. Carlisle & Mr.
Curtis that domestic gold should be accept-
ed regardless of its source; he further said
that under his instructions he had issued
certifs of deposit calling for bonds against
the payt Monday & Tuesday last of 7 1/2
millions domestic gold. The total amt
of gold imported by syndicate & delivered
to U.S. Treasury, he said was only a
little over 15 millions.
In the payt of 7 1/2 millions completed
the amt of gold due from the syndicate
and yet only 15 millions had been imported
contract calling for abt 30 millions --
& as delivery of the remaining 7 1/2 millions
bonds would give us all security that
the 15 millions would ultimately be import-
ed from abroad, I deemed it advisable
to telegraph Mr. Carlisle fully at Marion
desiring wh. we should deliver the
remaining 7 1/2 millions of bonds (this Curtis)
on receipt of the certifs of deposit of
the 7 1/2 millions domestic gold.
Early Lord. morning a reply came from
him to deliver bonds on receipt of
