410
of Sandwich at my request arrested
his name; he said it was O’Brien.
Ballot Corn decides Whiting ticket in the Republican
Dem. ticket.
SchD.
But night of Genl. W. Pearce, editor of the New
Bedford Mercury called me in tele. at 11 o'clock
assured of he old came over and see me on
an important matter. He shoud the winning
man & said he had been sent by some
of the most prominent Democrats and business
men of the U.S. -- not in Mass who wanted
to bring about the nomination of J.R. Francis
for President and myself for V. President and he
wanted to know my relations with Francis,
I said they were most cordial. He said their
man wanted to know for V. President some one
clearly connected w. Puck, Cleveland, Adams
and they had decided on me. Also asked
if we could defeat Bryan delegates to
Nat. Convention. I told him it could not be
terrible to know what could be done
until after the Presidential election for Governor
whole state, in N.B. I told Genl. Pearce that
at the Convention in Springfield I met Genl. Ruggs
of the N.Y. Sun who said he had been in
411
1907
N.B. recently, Genl. P. smiled & said -- don't you believe
that I troubled you that night for any news.
paper man. The men I represented were some
of the foremost men in America, and some
time you will be surprised to know their
names.
At lunch one day Genl. Whiting said he could
not wait or afford to spend the amount
needed for getting out the vote on election
day -- $15,000. He therefore sent Enfield a letter
asking him to agree not to spend any.
(See Newshakens).
A day or two later lunched at Yung's with
Buebly, Zunning, Killkher, Enfield & McNary.
They said Whiting's attitude about would
cost thousands of votes. Zunning suggested
giving to Genl. Douglas & offering him a
deleg. at large to Nat. Convention in return for
a $15,000 contribution to be used in election
day. He said Douglas would never give
a cent unless he got something for it.
He said he could sound D. through Stiff.
-mitch & if favorably disposed he would
sell him & myself to go to D. I said I was
willing to ask D. to contribute funds to
help the party generally but not for
