4
card by nothing enough to arm him with it and never
could or should. told him about Sec. Meador.
He agreed with me that there was no reason why
I should be in any sense of duty to go back to
the Treasury. He immediately consented to know whether
there was any office I would accept and
finally in reply to an almost direct question
I said that I could not be of more service as
C. P. Ambassador to Japan, with which country
I was familiar, but that I would never accept
for this or any other office, that I did not
can imagine for any office to ask him at and
that even if I would accept any thing badly, which I
did not, I could not hold myself responsible for it.
I chose to give an answer to Holland and also
shape Kennedy of Brandt's which seemed to
interest him greatly.
Returning to the hotel I received a telephone call
from Mr Newton, Prov. Secy of Meador - I had left
a card that day in Mr A. Lent did not ask
to see him. called Mr Martin who said this day
wanted to see me the next morning. I said I would
so much that night if he arrested me to await a
minute - he then said he had seen this day who
wanted very much to see me, but had nothing
special to say to me. I expressed myself that
I could not stay over
at this country until Berlin who said this was an
important letter at any office from Judge
Meador. I then called up Meador in N.Y. and
found him very angry that no letter had been
sent me from this day - said this day had sent
5
him in a better position etc - I told him of my
telephone message & he begged me, out of consider-
ation for him to stay over and in Meador. I told
him next to money on my account as I did not
want the office & did not see how I could
honestly accept it even from the utmost want of
duty. Finally I agreed to stay over & call on
Meador. agreed also on returning to state over in
N.Y. and see him.
Wednesday, called on Sec. Meador who seemed very
glad to see me & said I was better qualified than
he to be Sec. of the Treasury. He chose of Judge Meador
and said that he hoped he could consider me
as available for any Sec'y, if, according to my
later w. Judge Meador - he could not secure the
kind of man he wanted. I told him I had no
intention to return, in fact I decidedly did not
want to come back - and that I certainly could
not be considered as being an available
list. Finally, after a long talk, he made me
surrender that if he did not get the right man
for the place, and still leave the matter with
me again, I would give it careful consideration
from the point of view of duty, although I said
I could not promise to accept it. I finally
said we could leave at this every, and I should
not expect to hear from you again unless you
are absolutely unable to get the man you
want. He seemed very much distressed and
we left with a perfect understanding.
