my low position to give any time to the Board
as I told him I would do; I desire him to leave
house after lunch.
Mr. Thoms Lyon Mayor called. Smith was away
Brendan was not but in cabinet; - that he
thought the Supreme charges in him 2-9. that
Smith can it were probably not true; that B.
had great faults & did not belong to a cold
but final believer; no idea of Shorten-Macdonald
underst or of Anglo Saxon idea of our being,
but he was so able & well qualified. Smith with
his imaginative & enthusiastic ability, he was
sorry he was not in cabinet, I have of
having met him on a confidential or to B's study
for use in a desired suit and he told me it was
probably the Gray case. He said B. had an
immense income, at least 50,000 per year
from his real estate.
Mar. 15
Saturday. Had letter from Gen. Rich saying that Gen.
Peabody had had a talk with me. He advised that the latter
would let me accept some position in Maryland to keep
him in touch of the matter & Rich assured of this would be
agreeable to me; as Franklin Roosevelt knew of this
& that Mr. Madden was to lunch w. Gen. Sunday,
& that if I could come him would let Roosevelt
know how I felt about it.
Mar 16
Sunday
about 4 P.M. Judge Madden of N.Y. called me at
long distance telephone, & let me understand
by Gen. Madden to tender me my old position in
Virginia & begged me to accept it. I said I could
not humbly accept as I had no inclination to go
back to the Treasury and I had accepted Gen.
from the position of Water Court & that I had
decided to withdraw from the practice of law and give
my whole time to this office. Finally after a long
talk Judge Madden assured me if Gen. Madden could not
get a man satisfactory to him & should bring up
the matter again, would I not consider it from
a point of view of duty to the Party. I told him
that if such a request could be made I
should give it consideration from the point of view
of duty but that I could not accept it, but that I would
not desist it would be my own careful
consideration from the point of view of duty; I
said from the act of view of inclination I have
absolutely no desire to go back. He briefly said
the King might later write me nothing it will be
use as a duty to the Party.
I then called up Rich, he said Peabody and
Roosevelt had never omitted respectfully every
particular office, but that they knew Gen. Madden
would gladly give me any office I could to
take
Write to Wash. to argue Post diff. case.
3
called on Gen. Smith. He said, and already had written
me, that I ought to hustle myself more, that I
should be given some important position etc. I said
I was an applicant for no office, that with me
it was wholly a question of service, and that I
had no inclination to go back to the Treasury and I had
accepted Gen. Madden from the position of Water Court & that I
had decided to withdraw from the practice of law and give
my whole time to this office. Finally after a long
