66
timbering order, sending full investigation of
the question all along border. It would serve to set
all inspectors both in and out of office, if possible, but it
is not all the world will give equal facilities.
Nov 23
12 days two ago the chorus was demanded to
categorize to see. Mass. then cleared the room
between a pair standard of ribbelling and staleness
of the Eastern Dean criticized the names of
Johnson & Maloney. I told him it was his duty to do
this as Maloney could not do a real day's
work & much of his work had to be
done over again. It sent for Maloney to enter
& you will see him out he had just said as the
Deputy said he must leave the Report that
morning I checked it.
The night morning Maloney came down, he
sent me down Brooklyn, the papers announced read
just committed suicide in Canada & I galvanized
the matter to him letting him the reason for
sending the Report to Congress was to secure
some pension or retirement legislation. I told him
not to worry as it was his friend & he seemed
much relieved.
Nov 25
Tuesday.
The Company, Sec. Macados recently told me
today that the Chief Clerk was up the matter
with Secretary & decided not to return
Maloney's Report of his appoint him, as his
letter was of great value to bring as to
old practices, from the. I left leaving Maloney
67
had also been of great help to me. I had nothing
to do with this but was delighted with their
action of the day.
Last week Claude Bennett wrote. Let's provide
me to try to secure his appointment as
counsel of the E.R.R. in place of Hooker;
this money I wrote him that as the E.R.R.
had business at times w. the Debt I could
not directly or indirectly recommend any
one for such appointment, and I send the
same to Mrs. Havens, Bennett's wife who
called in and this am.
11/27 Thursday
Lunched w. Alty Em. who asked me about
Charles Warren on a horrible post Alty Em.
I praised him on brightest terms and asked
him to write Mr. Story and Mr. Allbery who
would furnish what I said and would
left of his bright standing at the Bar better
than I could.
The Alty Em. also informed me the Washington
car & informed the writer that there was
not enough evidence to indict him but said
he had not formed yet a positive opinion.
I urged him to appoint Arnold of N.Y.
as post Alty Em. in charge of customs log.
Ad Ed. He said Sec. Macados was strongly
and really offensively urging him to appoint
Gibbonz but that he knew he was not fit
for the place though he would not appoint him.
I have the same opinion of him, but am
