308
Shaw sends me a most discourteous note
at end said Mr Washburn, Atty for U.S. Red
2d. told him, many suits had been brought
in Boston for duties where Relexon bonds
had been given but no action was undertaken
on such a bond two lawyers would class
to bring out.
Colt's Layman in being told this said that
there never was a case where suit had
been brought where a Rel. bond had been
given -- in every case settlement had been
voluntarily made. He made the custom
officers certify to this in writing
Feb 4
27
Some before Greenfield Club, Greenville on Alaska
Meeting Vice Comr. Genl. St. Court to arrange
as to Comptor etc. Subcommitte asked to settle
details & report cand. for Sec. Exec. Comr.
McNary attacked Mr Sweeney, former
Sec'y bitterly. It was put on Comr. said
I might decide to resign but accepted
for present.
Before meeting Duries telephoned & said
he wanted to see me. Came to my
office -- seemed desirous of having Mr S.
re-elected. Said McNary had treated
309
Boston thankfully by his ability on Exec. Comr
& opposition to Mr Sweeney. Said Easter had
large majority of State Comr. with him &
old hand defeated Mr N. for chairman had
he wished. He wanted quiet & Secy put
over until Burnett old attend meeting as
he was then sick -- I said I would must
that it be put over; that while I did
not intend to be dragged into any quarrel
with Easter & Mr N. get that anything I
old do to bring about harmony I would
gladly do.
(A few days before this Mr Sweeney telephoned
me asking some question as to the result
of the vote of the State Comr. auth. The
Exec. Comr. to arrange details of Convention.
He then called -- addressed Mr Nancy bitterly
and said he would serve faithfully
under him if elected. Said he was not an
open candidate nor had Easter asked
for his election. Told him that I
stood by Glad to see harmony restored
in the Party but that I stood not
consent to be dragged into any Convention
very bad. Easter & McNary. So that
in my judgment, if Easter wanted
Mr Sweeney elected he should come
out frankly and say so. I
