50
under Senate Chamber; found him very
pleasant and agreeable; we talked over
financial and tariff matters; he said finally
that he should ask and strongly urge Mr.
Cleveland to appoint me. He told me to go to
the Treasury Dept. int-giving me a letter to
Mr. Smith, Ant Register of the Treasury-and
get a copy of the new circular assigning
various duties of Ant Scintains; told me
to look it over and familiarize myself with
its contents, which I did. I then went back
to Boston.
Feb'y 4.
This morning's Boston Advtisior had a
Washington dispatch telling all about my
probable appointment, even stating that
I went to Treasury to familiarize myself
with the Dept int. This annoyed me very
much. The dispatch was sent on by Reynolds
whom I had met in Washington; he would
have got his information only from the
Treasury officer, Mr. Smith, or from
congressmen Hoar & O'Neil for them were
the only ones that knew the details.
The dispatch was not correct-for Mr.
Cleveland had not offered me the
position, but there was just enough
truth in it to weave the whole story in.
(4 S.B. 60.61)
51
in further clinkings from papers, same page Secy Bk.
The Boston Journal in a short editorial supported
me for Ant Sec'y. This was brought about by
Mr. J. R. Linton who went to the editor and
eagerly labored with him to support me on
the ground that if his paper opposed me it
might result in New England losing a very
important position; he received assurances
that all this the paper would not violently
support me yet that it would not oppose
me. Mr. Bancroft, Editor of Advtisior said he
would positively support me.
(all the papers supported me, Pub. Adm. Dec 4 S.B. 61.62)
No 96. Quincy told me this a. m. that he had
just returned from N.Y. and that it could
hard my appointment as practically
satisfied; the only contingency was that C.
might possibly select one of the Cabinet
from Mass. in which case he might think
that he could not do both. However D.
thought that I had better give up all my
time now on to Tariff questions, Customs
admin'te etc. He said that Don Dickinson
told him he had talked w. Cleveland and
that my appointment was settled.
Culbitt also told D. he should urge
Cleveland to appoint me.
