84
1894
unquivocally withdrawn his statement
regarding myself -- that there was
not the slightest need of my making
any denial before the Comm ll .
[Now on the Best. papers mentioned my
name in their report of the inquiry
except that the Best. paper said that
I had denied the statement that I
had influenced Bowles]
Copies of the newspaper articles and
of all correspondence are in our
envelope in my private files.
Last summer the Secy of Navy wrote a letter
to Secy of Treasury assuring if the contract
with N. Am l . Steel Commercial Co had been
modified in any way. I looked up the
papers & found that a settlement had
been made which I believed to be illegal.
(For further particulars see remarks distributed
to my Secy McGrath & type written by him.)
April 9
124
" " 11
Spouse at dinner of Boston Bank Presidents
Assoc tn in Boston, Parker House. Return to W.
that evening
went with Secy Morton (Secy of Agriculture)
and Mr. Eckles, Comptroller of Currency to
Boston to speak at J. Mans Dim. Club dinner
85
April 12 Shore at dinner: Joe E. Russell, Geo. M. Stearns
& others present.
At noon we were given a lunch by the
Mayor of Boston (Mathews) at Algonquin
Club.
13 Robert H. Mann gave dinner at Union
Club to Secy Morton. Present -- Sg t . Butler, Es q .
Geo. Russell, Phil. Price, Geo. Andrews, H t . Lee, Secy
Morton, Eckles, Joe E. Russell.
April 23 Went on U.S. destroyer cruiser Dolphin to a Ban
given by Miss Herbert at Navy Yard.
May 5 For over a year I have been considering
the question of Nat. Timming refunds:
there are in N.Y. alone 1690 suits pending
as the Court the total claims being about
55 million dollars. About the first of
this year after careful investigation
I became convinced that a new point
of law could be raised which never
before had been taken -- all 400 or 400
suits had been heard on by the U.S.
Supreme Court. This point was that
1,2931 in 1890 regarding protests was modified
by R.S. 1.3011 and that -- whenever certi-
ficate duties were paid (under terms
of 83) by importers without protest
