84
Beaudrie as I felt certain he would be fair
and helpful; he also showed of lawyers
suggest him to carry out Alty's wishes;
and Alty, I would not commit to Robbins,
or Chateau; that while he admitted Alty
he thought he had been too much involved
in the matter to act etc. I again
advised him serving Beaudrie especially in
question as to whether Moorefield should
be a good lawyer to act. I called with
Beaudrie at his suggestion and he was out
and Alcott said he would surely see him
later.
Mr Sherman Whitehill wrote asking me to reserve
appointment w Alty, Gen. as subsequently electorates
of N.H., R.I.- said Directors were trying to
secure unanimity in their settlement and
that Directors had reject to be heard in
this. I sent him note to Alty Gen. asking him
to write him directly & invite him to this
effect.
Thursday
Shops at Emery's of Women's Frat. League at Oakland
Hotel 11 am.
Daniel w. Den lawyers: Present Mr Justice Whitehill
wife, Justice Loomis Den, Mr. Oliver Harlan,
Mr. Miles Loomis, Mr. Dwight, Em. Miles Loomis, Gen &
Gen. Fitzhugh etc.
Jan 7
85
Friday.
Daniel w. Prof. Walcutt. Present: Gen Sec. Thos Roosevelt,
Mr. Dow, Mr. Henderson, East Bay Ed, Mr. Brall
Min Boardman, Mr. Davis Tupperman.
Jan. 12 Monday.
See Henderson went over Treasury matters with me; seemed
he wanted me very much to leave the fiscal Bureau
and that for my own sake he thought it very
desirable as no one could foresee what might
happen probably in the near future. From what he
said in the way an which he said it I began to
think there may be something in reasons that he
does not expect to leave his office out.
He asked me to think of sending me to do the Customs
work; he seemed favorably inclined to believe
when he had been sleeping to in the trains and
who inadvertently had told him what he told me
that he would leave on and leaving that. I
said he was a fine fellow and merely suggested
that he left him or anyone ablyg for the
place what a difficult task it was, means,
embarrassed work, little vacant etc.
See Redfield suit for me to see his experts just going
abroad to investigate printing costs, at my suggestion
he wrote letter to Mr Adler stating that his
investigation would be private and details as to
sources or individuals will not be made
known to any other debt except merely the
result in general; I said foreigners would not
often their book except in such arrangement and
advised him to have Mr. H. and the President
