408
to ascertain the number of 2) I found the Manager
the manager of the Theatre and asked him to
tell me how many the floor seats and how
many there were seats to the gallery seats; he
said the floor seats 706 and that there were
on the orchestra seats to the fronts at least
600 men & probably more. I also asked
Mayor Cunningham & his Wheelwrights of
Hardwick to say and count them. They
said later, as I remember, that there were
about 300 seats only to the fronts. From their
lecture and that of Eilmer with my own
observation, turning their sitting down & their
many standing up, there were about 400
only to the fronts, i.e. there amounted as 1/4 2/
or two-thirds huge.
Taking 150 on no of Whiting men in Whiting Committee
and say 300 outside who could not get
masses 450 as their number; add to them 150
say 200 as the maximum Bartlett struggle
masses 850; then add, say, 100 for those under
14 years huge, masses 950 in the Theatre. This is an
underestimate for there were certainly 600 in or
actually in the Theatre, not, of course, counting
those outside.
In my judgment there must have been a
large number there not delirious.
409
while standing on line, the Revt. of Police, Benson,
came up to the man behind me wearing a Bartlett
badge, and asked if he could do anything for him;
he said he wanted to get in. Benson replied, "anybody
you want must be done" or words to that effect
and soon he cut off the line and walked out with
him to the door. Did not actually see him go
in. told Crawley we, behind me and said the
man was Willettell of Shrewsbury. The captain
of police told I not that the Revt.'s name
was Benson.
From time to time I went to the entrance to
see as to delegates coming in. At 11.57 about
the Whiting committe had mounted Whiting and
about the B. committe had mounted Revd. Dr. Lee
then was a solid line of delegates stuck
waiting admission. Among them were un-
doubtedly some Bartlett men. Senator Valley
did not get in until, I think, about 12 or
perhaps later.
The doorkeeper, or one of them, told me that
not until 12.25 did all get in. By this
time many Whiting men had gone away
in disgust, as both committees were practically
over.
at 12.30 I did not see any but at the
box office but at 12.25 there was a solid
line & they were pouring in. En Middlesbrough
