280
it.
The morning of the Convention after reading
his platform I found several things
in it I did not like. I feared that
his reference to "money" in the first
I might be by some claimed to refer
to currency questions. I also did not
like his reference to the effect of capitalism
on "the press, pulpit & schools" or words to
that effect. Nor did I like the way in
which the platform modifying the power
of Equity judges to punish for contempt
was phrased.
When I went to the Parker House about
9.30 Am I drew up a statement in
which I said that for the first time
I had read his platform & feared that
the reference to "money" might be mis-
-understood; that I objected also to
D's platform; and that I thought both
should be re-committed to the Committee
of Instructions to report a new draft
which should as far as possible harmonize
both in accord. w. Dem. principles.
Later Mr Griffin of the Springfield Reb.
Dr. Couplin, Mr Ezwell of " and Mr
Melconni were in my room and I
suggested that Mr Casey should not
281
my interview as a motion to recommit.
They all advised against this. Mr.
G. said the "word "money" old not be
interpreted as a contradiction found and
they advised me to stand on the
platform.
The question never became important
as the Committee voted to nominate before
deciding on the platform. While possibly
some of my friends may have said
that I would stand on the platform
of W. if Eastern old not, yet as a fact
the clause referring to the Kansas City platform
was the only one I ever endorsed.
If the matter had been a material
one, in which case I should have been
consulted in advance, I should have
suggested changes in his draft which
I am sure he would have accepted.
If however, worse had come to worst,
and I had to declare myself, undoubtedly
I should have chosen his platform as in
almost every way preferable to D's, which
latter carefully omitted all references to
public franchises and everything else which
might be objectionable to the Cleve. R.M.
My reasons for agreeing to the reference
to his platform to the Kansas City platform
