60
should surely not be appointed for the Presi-
dent would construe it as a withdrawal.
He said Quincy was responsible for the whole
trouble and that I should let him run
away it as best he could; that I had
been given assurances binding on between
quintlemen that I should have this
position and that my plain duty was
to do nothing more; that if the President
nally believed what he said that he should
choose his officers for business ability and
not for geographical locality, he must
entirely appoint me, or at least send
for me and ask me to withdraw my
name.
I told Q. of this and he agreed that this
was the best course; so he would see
the President and if he indicated any
embarrassment he would ask him to
send for me and frankly tell me so.
Said he would telegraph me the moment
he saw the President.
Mar. 12
Sunday. Quincy, in a most unwise interview
this morning tells a Herald Reporter that
my appointment is assured and that he
accepted only on condition that it should
be appointed. The Herald announced it
61
in leaked type with my photograph. The same
edition of the Herald in a Washington Dispatch
said that Western and Southern Senators
were protesting against my appointment
solely, of course on the ground that I
lived in Massachusetts.
(45. B.74)
Mar. 17
Riid telegram from O'Neil and Quincy saying
that the matter was all right. said it
had been arranged agreeably in every to Carlisle
and Cleveland.
18 Letter from Quincy to same effect.
" Saw O'Neil in Boston; he said that every-
thing was all right altho there was much
hissing by Western & Southern Senators. Said
that Quincy did not expect to be opposed
his position; that he -- had assured the
President to appoint Andrew 1st Ant Sieg
of State but this met with little favor;
finally President urged Q. to have it and
he did on his own terms -- the. I should
still have my appointment.
Don Dickinson in Boston: I called on
him at Parker House: he said my matter
was all right -- that the President had very
high opinion of me and would have appointed
me any way -- altho he took pleasure in
advising him to do it.
