150
I said Yes and he then began to talk
about the Revenue Bd. & said the former
wanted to be sure that none of the
members were subject to any entangly
allowances or influences. I said - this was
clearly their duty. He said he was in
the suit cause to which my name had
been referred & that no objection would
be made to me or to Millier. He accused of
it had ever been a director of a Natl
Bank & I said Yes - the Natl Eagle Bank
about 15 years ago - it was absorbed
by the Natl Steamboat. He then asked as
to my business affiliations - I said I had
absolutely none - that I retired from
law when I became Natl Water Car r
except for B Ch. Commerce for a short
time - & that I had no business
affiliations & owned not a share of
any bank or trust Co. He said he also
have not business when he went into
sevice. I said my wife had a few
shares of bank stock & trust Co stock
& that I should still this also. He
seemed to think this not strictly
mercury but I said I required
to do it. I said also I was trustee of
the Peabody estate but still also
affiliated from that. I added that I felt
that membership on that Board was
less membership on the U.S. Supreme
Court.
151
We then talked about Warburg & Jones. He
seemed very favorably informed on
Warburg but wanted to know about
Jones. I showed him a telegraphic letter from
Ant. Mann Sherman of Chicago regarding
elections from an unknown printer printing
Jones & said I would send him a copy
also showed him a letter from Francis
Hamlin regarding Jones.
Sam Haller also called this morning - said
there was no opportunity to meet - that Sam
Boston's hotel room I was the only man
whom he recognized as fit for the position;
that he subscribed $2000 for Williams
will have to neglect service here and charge
of a secret station from the B H dl.; that he
had shown of this to members of the
committee & had told them it was a laughable
abridgment. I told him Williams had
come to me & I had made it up
and that W. had written me a letter
from Seattle congratulating me on my
promotion to the Federal Bureau.
Mr Brandtlin and Mr Rubell of Lawrence
devised with me at Army Navy Club.
Brandtlin said - your friends well laid
case of you are to confirmate.
June 23 See Weather called me up late at night
and asked me to do all I could with Sam
Haller as to embezzlement of Mr. Jones.
