80
Mr. 23 sund.
invited by Pardt to go to White House at 6 P.M. to see
him upon financial eve. an enthusiastic night. The
Committee, House & Sen. Collins was present.
The President often saying he needed a short modern
some weeks ago I ordered that expenditure of something
sugar from stock to scales must be done by the
regiments at Bost. N.Y. It also, for years this expense
at these Ports had been paid by Em't allies at
N.Yorktown it was paid by officers, N.Yorktown
officers protested and after studying this matter
held that if honest at all Ports must be honest
by officers, thousands of dollars annually
each this saved to Govt.
Dec 25 Thursday.
Ste.M. suit on me at 4 P.M. told me Mr Williams was
to be made comptroller of currency and must be told
that it was vital that his successor as ass Sec.
draft of Fiscal Bureau should be a man of this
most absolute integrity and not will rushed in
firm, matter; also said he wanted a man to
know & could work with; he added that he wished
very much that I could have this position either
he looked to ask me to give up the twins
work I was so immediately filled up and so
successfully undertaking; that he was tired
out and knew he could only in not to look
him as he appreciated this work & had done
in getting the fine, but into stocks; that he
would have to go West early in this new year
and be away probably 6 weeks; that I could
81
be the running Ant Sec. & Acting Sec. & would
have to manage the Treasury in his absence
now as to appoints etc but that I could keep
in touch w. him by wire; that he trusted to
keep this extra burden on me but that he knew
of no one in this country so well fitted for
this work.
And he bullionism was also present and he begged
me to undertake it.
I told the Sec. that I was indebted on the
war and his wishes could be carried out by
me with pleasure, that while I was attached
to the Customs work, I had had much
financially w. this firm, work 20 years ago
and would be glad to undertake the
office if he wished it.
He seemed very much pleased and asked
me to suggest some man for the Customs
work; I at once suggested Hulstad, the
Chief of the Customs Divin & this idea seemed
to please him; he asked me to leave with
his record, under which I am placed by
Mr. Williams suggested Mr. Colk of N.Y. whom the
Sec. originally wanted on calls at N.Y. but
the Sec. said he thought he would not do
as the appointment should be an expert.
Mr. 27 Sunday, Mr. Hulstad has been laid up with a bad cold
& goes, fatigue for several days. Has brought to
everytown S.C. on a few days visit.
Embernell w. Arnold us to W. Carol. told him to stay
to Albany. Most Sec. M. worried to go over the
