62
delated information as to the value of the
orders charged to personal account they could
not establish.
J.W. said he had heard that opinion might have
been overawed by his volitional influence but
that he had never directly or indirectly
intervened in any arbitrations; that Gen. Quincy & his
wife better informed.
They were formed again & again but could
give no explanation of the grounds upon which
they stood.
After they had stood about 6.45 P.M. the Attorney
for said he did not see how an indictment
could possibly be sustained, at least as against
J.W. It asked if the courts did not have at
least a prima facie case of fraud and the
Attorney for said he thought not; Arnold defended
directly on to them, and I said, without being
formal a definite opinion, it seemed to me
looking at the facts, including the present to
Hartmann, Apple, & the Insurance policy, a
prima facie case might be said to have been
made out, that certainly I could not now
say it had not been made out.
I said I could not resist the conclusion that
this must have been known to the firm or at
least to J.W.; that the case against J.W.
was certainly much stronger than against P.W.
but it was at least conceivable that this
case may have carried out the obtained
against the knowledge of the parties, although I
admitted this was hardly likely.
63
Arnold did not agree to this action Attorney for said.
I also expressed opinion that Quincy must have
been bribed with money; Arnold did not agree
to this and thought B. might have been deceived
by the opinion Hartmann to do as he did and he
added that he believed Hartmann's opinion
invent was crowded but this could not be proved.
The Attorney for said asked on to the St. of January
& Arnold said he was satisfied that we had
at 2 months yet before the Insolvency charge
would be outlawed, and the Attorney for asked
him to let him secure defendant as to this
there were much talks about the bust that
W. produced his opinion very reluctantly
& this was vehemently denied by Lewis & J.W.
and associated by Arnold. The distinction of
letters was also rather about and attorney
rewards and to my mind no very satisfactory
explanation was given, especially as to Paris letters:
they are denied that it was against the
French code to destroy all letters after a year.
Finally J.W. said all houses were at Attorney's
direction & I understand him to say that
he would produce all accounts of French
firm who sold their alleged personal goods
to the U.S. -- Paris
J.W. absolutely denied that his private office
had accepted for any of these French goods.
during the letter on to production of letters of
French firms, he said he would agree to production of
Arnold's who he would agree to production of a letter to
