130
May 5 Tuesday.
Late this P M. Ill. ordered letters to be sent out to
Dist. Bkrs authorizing the 31 millions of dollars
but giving nothing to Repp Bk. This P M Flatbush
of Repp Bk. called and was told the letters could
not be brought.
May 6 Wednesday.
Mr. Flatbush, U. Presdt Repp Bk. called at 10 am. and
asked me in what Repp Bk. could get, I told him this
very personally had distributed the funds among the
Dist. Bkrs of land not allotted anything to Repp Bk.
He seemed very much distressed -- Mr. Repp Bk. had
to pay 4/5 of the Dist. taxes and could be seriously
impersonal by this discrimination. He then asked me
name for this discrimination. I told him -- as directed
previously by the Secy. that the very personally
had made their appointment and that I must
give him to this day for this reason. He said it
was a vain, unjust discrimination and asked if I
thought it could be of any avail to try to see the
Secy; I told he had better go to Congress and say
he considered to see the Secy & he cannot not saying
he could do this. Later tomorrow told me he did
not come to him.
Later on this day Mr. Elver wrote the Secy a
letter asking for an explanation for this
discrimination.
Wolff brought it in & I told him to give it
to Secy Ill.
That afternoon Ill. told me -- in presence of
wellknown -- that Williams could understand a
street to please the Repp Bk. did not need
that deposit or it had little commercial value
and loaned its money to Nat. City Bk. in
N.Y.
This whole attitude has changed; until now
they were ready to say frankly that they
determined to waste the deposit bill of several
political alliterations of Repp Bk. That City Bk. vs.
Madison & Williams; now, however, they went
to defend their action in other grounds.
Later Ill. told me he had consulted Mr.
Presdt w. regard to the matter; I am amazed
that Mr. Presdt did not carefully look into this.
Smith also said the Repp Bk. had established in
part an establishment in the money through loans
to employes and that he knew just what
employes had loaned from them & that he
would see that the loans were paid up or
damages the employes.
Last week Ill. asked me -- the other members
of Congress came being present -- whether I
thought the designation of the Nat. Steamboat
Bk. as one of the Bkrs to form a reserve Bk.
could be looked on as a discrimination against
it except the 1st Nat. City Bk. -- Repp Bk. who
represented the Nat. City Bk. interests; he said
he wanted to differentiate it. I told him
that the Nat. Steamboat was one of the
strongest Bkrs and that its directors were
men of character and influence in the
community & that it could be only natural
