380
retinences for hub. sec. Cooplin. I said he
must decide this for himself -- that I
personally agreed w. his position, I did
it was about. nec. for him to be elected
Chairman of the State Comm and advised
him to take no retirement at least until
after the election. Then he old decide
on the occasion across what he felt
he ought to do. He old then carry
weight and have Matthews or some
other man put in his place.
He also said he had had Retinences
from other corporations for years back,
viz: W. U. Tel. Co- Northern Cleat. Roads, Telegraph
Courting, etc. I told him there was no
reason why these should interfere in
the slightest w. his casting the Championship
-- that there had been given for clearly
proven reasons.
He said Buchanan had told him that
he had pledged his word to Lodge,
Guild, & Talbot that D. could not
run again, but not in his name,
I said Woodson from ed. thing wished to
remain F. to have a friend at Court,
since his wife begged him not to leave the
money as it would be silking himself.
381
Gen. Draper called by appoint this Am.
Said he was thus w. Curtis Guild and
he advised me to use all influence w.
papers etc. to change Emold, Lodge it at
a. being rally Democrats on the Reck. &
Tas. circuit; that there could be hard
fight in the Reck. Party and that he and
many others would prefer to see a
Dem. elected on trusts from grounds than
a Republican desire Emold or Lodge or Forn.
He said if the Dem introduced any
protests in the State H. as to Reck. leave
doctors etc he should oppose them and
should move Lodge Guild etc do same or
severely criticize them.
I told him of the form. of have a new
Warfield Treaty framed -- that Bond had
agreed on details w. Whiting (did not
mention Whiting name) & that they all
negot. this in a week if he wanted.
He said he could urge Hay to do this
before Lodge's election & more he
could not openly for or against it.
This proposed agent provided for all
parties for & I thought Lodge could
fight it. Draper said he would do
his best to urge Hay to negotiate it.
