20
1892 April 29 was appointed a delegate to Natl Civil Service
Reform Convention held this day in Baltimore;
received a letter from Dana Estis at the Shubham
informing me of my election. I was not
able to attend, however, as Mr. Jobey said he
could not leave Washington, there was so
much doubt as to whether the Andrews
dem Bill would pass.
May 4
In accordance with a suggestion of Geo. F.
Passer, N.Y. I went with Quincy to interview
Mr. Holmes manager of Boston Herald and
ask him to pursue a series of interviews
with prominent men upon the necessity
of Cleveland's nomination. Holmes cordially
agreed to do this and Quincy and I drew
two questions for Holmes. I also had a
list furnished of the leading members
of the N.E. Taub's Ref. League, and also put
Holmes a list of members of the Mass.
Reform Club to furnish a basis for a list
of men to be interviewed for my interviews (35.B.4)
May 18
Had an interview with Mr. J.R. Leeson, third
manuf'c (member of Home Market Club) of Boston
at request of James Jones, Presidt Boston Ance-
stal Board of Trade. They assured me to go
to Washington to represent the Board & try to
21
1892 have ways & means Comm. approved certain amend-
ments to Customs Adm't Bill. I told I shall
drop the amendments if I did not
of the Bill; I thought the Bill was so
oppressive upon importers that almost
any amendment mitigating its severity
would be acceptable to me. I agreed to
go to Washington.
also promised E.A. Whitman Esq. attorney
for Mr. Leeson, to persuade Cong. O'Neil to
introduce a Bill putting Clay upon the
full list.
May 19
Read my report as Secretary of N.E. Taub's
Reform League at its annual dinner &
meeting.
(35.B.33)
May 21
Showed briefly at meeting of Jefferson
Club Jamaica Plain. Geo. Fred Williams
was principal speaker.
May 23
Spouse at annual meeting of Sangus
Dim. & Tax. Ref. Club at Cliftondale.
(35.B.34,35)
May 24
In New York: went first to office of Geo. F. Passer
57 Broadway, -- he is very near ex- Presidt Cleveland
-- as kind of Privati Secretary; went with him to
Mr Cleveland; had a very interesting inter-
