340
following line a mood must be said that
the party leaders had made a bargain w.
Trust & Corporations an return for camp
contributions & that he should damnate
them. We all knew what this meant-
he was looking for opportunities to
wreck the Party & he thought he had
the ammunition now. The great part of
the fight waged over Bryan's headstrong
attitude & his evident desire to invest in
a platform on wh. no conservative
candidate could stand. He offered a
number of financial plans covering
Nat. Rx Notes- Agrot milling silver dollars-
divesting Embezzlers- Agrot double & Aldrich
cue. civil debt; and Pettigrew offered
(of course w. his convinced) plans for
pub. ownership of RR's & telegr & others;
Newlands- plans for wh. practically
invested the protective theory - a tax of 8/10 of
1% on grain rights for sugar, steel, oil and all
exportation where grain rights exceed 1 million
dollars.
Bryan also advocated an internal, no. tax
on all capital selling products cheaper
abroad than in U.S.
The first motion made by Bryan both in
341
the sub-committee of finance Committee was in favor of
affirming the Chicago & Kans City platform. This
was overwhelmingly voted down in both
Courts.
I offered a new, new, reform plan, to wh. Sen.
Bayley vigorously objected but finally yielded.
I offered a Canal, rail, plans to wh.
Bayley also objected but w. drew his
objection on my changing "trusty" to
"arrangement"
We also voted down Williams plans
relating to an mercantile Navy, and
special rates of duty on Trust products.
The papers show of an agreement in
the Court to omit all reference to the
money question. This was no spirit
or understanding united after our defeat
on the gold plan. After that we begged
our associates to join w. us and vote
down Bryan's other financial plans wh.
we meant to vote on the ground that
if gold was not to be mentioned in they
had to voted against our protest - surely
no other financial subject could be hurt w.
our associates agreed w. us on this &
voted them down.
Bryan after introducing the money tax
plans temporarily waived it until
