92
office of Comdt. of currency; he would not to
receive this order. It seemed extraordinarily a
wellknown man to have written as Comdt. of currency.
Sunday. I said that I, was quite certain he
of it would not interfere. The printing did not
be furnished until after Sunday. It was an
expedition of thirty cavalry which went out the
charges of timber and material made
in Kentucky.
He writing directed w. H. Bolls
Sunday
Reminded w. H. Bolls Richmond.
Turner, Mayor Ashley & myself directed w. H. Bolls
Monday
Gilman told me that he had heard (treasurably
from Humber, W's assistant) that wellman was
very jealous because my name had been
in old Comp. directing almost of his and that
he received orders about so that his name
could appear, for 3 months at least, ahead
of mine, although he did not hold the office
5 P.M. wellman wrote, with a compliment.
He had just been to Louisville and he
assured me to deliver his commission not to
him but to Turner. He evidently was unwilling
to receive his commission from me as he should
have done. I assured him of I still would
any time press him on delivering to him his commission
as acting Sec. & he then said as above I
would only to deliver this commission to President
Lincoln & he would not deliver it to him.
93
The room was filled w. flowers presented by the
butlers family and a telegraphic line in a
section of the Justice administration the vault.
It was a grotesque and absurd scene. His
vanity or obstinancy immovable.
In the morning I advised him not to sign
an act of acting Sec. on his salary as Comdt.
beg an in the morning of day in which he
wrote vault and then was a great secret
who. he did legally sign. He said he would
consider the matter, but as much of his
mail came to me he evidently refused.
An Sec. Newton told me that every one makes
him was delighted to see him so
wrong. Have denied to see them send.
Diagram showing a line of names and a curve labeled "Comp. Richmond 1861" with a point labeled "Comp. H. Bolls"
He loaned us $5000.00. He arranged states for me &
said he will outstanded any Sec. Beecher merged
with.
Turned w. H. Houston.
With. at Grant. Harold Williams directed w. H.
Thursday.
Turned w. Secy. & H. Houston.
