142
Morgan to work to beg the President to lend
their gold military.
I talked w. Sec. C. as to this thru A. H. He
frustrately told me that there was some
truth in the Russian rumor but that
the report as to Rothschilds, was not
correct; on the contrary he had, he
said, seen a cable from the Rothschilds
to the effect that under the existing
circumstances they could do nothing
towards procuring gold for the U. S.
Sec. C. depreciated a Russian loan as
it would be looked upon as a virtual
alliance with Russia against the rest
of the world and would make England
so bitter that she might throw all
our securities upon us and drain
all of our gold from us. He feared also
that Germany might be induced to
combine with England to disintegrate the
Monet doctrine and precipitate a
bloody conflict. He said he was satisfied
that a loan in this Country would be
withdrawn from the Treasury; that no
gold could be procured from England or
France; that Congress would never give
143
Thursday
Dec. 26 At about 3 P.M. Secy. Lowntt called on me
at Treasury; he asked if I could start out
on a journey for the President that evening.
I said yes. He then made an attack on the
Presd. at 5.30. It was thru frequentity on
him - the Presd. said he had determined
to offer a place on Venezuelan boundary
commission to Hon. Andrew D. White of Ohio
&c &c and he desired me to go to Atlanta and
formally tender the offer out to Mr. White.
He said it was too important a matter
to trust to letter or will - that he desired to
have word out on Mr. White who knew
something of the status of the Venezuelan
matter and would represent the earnest
desire of the President to have Mr. White
accept a place on the Commission; that
I could tell him that one of the Justices
of the Supreme Court of the U.S. had
already accepted a place on the Com.
that he thought it would not be necessary
for the Com. to leave the Country unless
possibly to go to Venezuela - that much of
the preliminary work would necessarily
be done by experts who might have to go
1875
