22
-vis. I told him I thought Judge Corcoran would
obtain me to act in his place as delis, at
last to coming Natl convention; explained to
him that being an Irishman Corcoran would
have great pressure put upon him to appoint
Alderman John H. Sullivan. I told him that
if Sullivan would agree to support him (
Cleveland) - I would withdraw in his favor.
Sullivan was then in California with members
of Board of Aldermen.
Cleveland advised me, for the sake of
harmony, to write Corcoran withdrawing in
favor of Sullivan, taking my chances as
to wh. S. would support Cleveland; I told
him I felt sure he would and that
such action would greatly please the
Irishmen and thus help Cleveland by
making the dilagation harmonious. I told
C. I would write Corcoran and Cleveland
seemed very much pleased.
He told me - in reply to my inquiries as to
the Baby's health - that when I came
back from Washington he would arrange
to have me call at the Victoria and on
the Baby.
I then went back to Paris's office and
wrote to Corcoran strongly advising Sullivan
appointment.
23
1892
May
25,26,727
Cleveland gave me a copy of "Public Do c
of Presidt Hoover Cleveland" with his name
in it and also mine.
In Washington for Board of Trade; held
many conferences with Stevens, Wilson,
O'Neil, Bryan, McMillan and others as to
sacrificing desired amendments. Wilson
chairman of sub-committee of Ways & Means
having this in charge - intimated that if
the Administration and Senate would
agree to certain amendments, there would
be a fair chance of a favorable report from
W. & M. Com m and of passage by the
House.
Also had many conferences as to iron
Bill with about men. Wilson, Tanner, and
McMillan, all against passing any more
Bills: they believed in a thorough reduction
by a general measure, however. Shingels, Bryan
Whiting and others favored further single
Bills: Corcoran favored our iron Bill but
now further.
Had long interview with Speaker Crish; he
assured me in confidence that he was
heartily in sympathy with our iron
Bill, that he was, in fact, almost a
