82
can with me before making any definite recommen-
dation but must in the present record I
could not ask that the proceedings be
dismissed as the facts seemed naturally
to call for explanation from all concerned;
that W. Child be allowed to go before the
Hood jury & that possibly his testimony
might throw light on the question.
have dinner at house: Sec. of Agrie, Thos
Stanton, Ant. Gil of State & Mrs Arboret; Adam Stanton;
Dr Baumann Chargé of several legates; Mrs
Henry White, Mrs Stanford Roosevelt, Mrs Bayard.
United States Cabinet of W.R. to seal cars at Alcoveam
junction as a means of sending them through to
Newport 100000000000000000000000000000000
at Richford.
Wednesday
at dinner: Mr & Mrs J.E. McCorrell; Mr & Mrs
Alexander
Wed. Anna Lee party at dinner
1914
Lunched with Mrs Aldis; Britto received by Mrs
McAdoo; at 5 PM received at own house;
in evening dessert w. Trumbull Roosevelt.
Friday.
Postm. Em Berthon called. Said he had written
Dr Laughlin that client and Costits did not
appoint and to seriously consider the
McAllister
83
I have no part in this contract other than to give
you Carroll a letter to Burdick.
Jan 3 sat.
Mr Walter chief clerk debt office called & said Sec.
wanted to know the political situation in Man as
regards terms of emancipation. I said Sarbington
was politically equipped for the place & was my
favorite -- must I old not claim to know the
political situation -- advised him to write to
Conkling & Judge Kelley.
James Talan of Newwood wrote thanking me
for the good words I showed as to two direct
battles -- said he heard this from Washington
Board at German Embassy: German Brazilians Austria,
twelve-in German, Argentina, eleven in German, 8
in British, 7 in Russian, 7 in Russian, 6 in German,
Commander Berry -- etc. etc.
Sunday.
David w. Charles Frances Adams.
Monday.
David w. to Stanton w. Sec. of War.
Tuesday. 4.30 P.M. Howard Elliott called and wanted
to go over N. Haven RR matters. I informed him
that when he had a minute or so ago I advised
him to consult Beaudrie; he said he had sent
B. wanted to force N. HRR to sell B&R. should
at once wh. could be a terrible sacrifice. He
showed me a list of proposed Ministers for
B&R. stock but I advised him to throw it to
