160
out they went back down to and represented
coin. paper. Warburg & the Sely thought
that 1st Res. notes could be issued for
gold under Sec. 14(a) - power to exchange
U.S. notes for gold etc. Williams and I
agreed that this would merely to
exchange notes already issued for gold
The Sely said the intent of the law was
that new Res. notes old be issued for
gold. I pointed out that this would
curtailute a new kind of U.S. Res. notes
not authorized by the act & of course would
require the gold to be held as a direct
fund & if this were so, the Bank might
print a present gold certificate to such
notes.
The Secretary then said we ought seriously
to consider the property of the U.S.
suspending gold payto. He did not say
this had been considered by the Cabinet
but from his manner this seemed clearly
to have been the case. He pointed out that
this would enable the U.S. to keep the
gold apart whch gold certificates were
outstanding, all this the certificates could
still be in circulation. Miller said they
would be at a discount whch Sec. M. denied.
He now I rather felt that the 1st Res.
act was not barred to keep U.S. in a
gold base but rather to make some base
liquid so it could be used instead of
call loans & facilitate to keep East money
161
deposited w. Res. base and the number bases
reserves similarly deposited away on
bank st, the duty of maintaining hardly being
on the Sec. of Treasury who even from other
sources & since gold backs for this purpose.
the minute the Sely mentioned suchmen
however - I made up my mind that
I would commit to any amount of the
Res Act which would await such danger.
Warburg felt confident that with these
audits we could keep U.S. in gold base
wont much if any danger of suchmen.
he every way met and drew up certain
audits.
Mr Elans said no doubt of auditts as any act
would be lowered down with receivers
audits
Sam Brown at once introduced a bill containing
draft terminally adopted by us at about
every station. It was understood however
that no bill could be put in until we had
shown auditts to Sec. & President. The next
morning we changed the auditts by showing
out acceptances of 2 name commercial
banks etc. The eleven bills does not
represent various of Res. and some things
in it e.g. lower cab. limit of Nat. Bank act
had not agreed to & had so informed
Sam Brown.
