400
possibility of being nominated for Vice President
or possibly even for President. If you were
willing to consider such a contingency
& still be elected again I regarded his
chances almost certain for Vice President.
He seemed very much pleased at the
idea & I am convinced, from what he
said on this occasion, & from what he
said in N.Y. at the Reform Club dinner
that he earnestly wants to run again.
He said that he was to meet Quincy,
Quincy & Sullivan that day at 1 o'clock
at Union Club at lunch; that the machine
wanted him to run; that the plan
was to put up Sullivan to defeat Moran
and at the same time have him
withdraw in favor of Douglas. I warned
him not to engage in any scheme to
fight Moran -- that whether the machine
did, he should be able to say that he
never entered into such a plan; that
he still insisted that if elected here the
organization was to be in his control &
that his wishes must be accepted.
He finally left me saying he would let
me know the result of the conference.
July 20 Suffruggen called & another conference
was to be held Saturday the 21st at 2 o'clock
1906
1906
Douglas, Wharton, Sullivan, Thayer, Quincy
and Boston were to be present and that
Gov. S. had insisted that as his friend
I must be present also, and that he
wanted me particularly to be present.
I told S. that under no circumstances
should I go, that I knew perfectly well
the feeling of the machine towards me,
that they had acted so that I felt out
of self respect compelled to resign from
the State Council, and that I should
decline to meet them. I also said to
S. that if I should be nominated it was
my intention, of course, to help him
in the campaign, but that I should
remain out of the fight and neither declare
for Moran nor against him.
I also told S. that -- just as I told
Douglas -- the way to do was to push
Tariff Reform all over the State and
that mine will absorb all others.
July 18 Robt Crowley called upon Gen. Douglas.
He said he was perfectly with
Moran although he had told him
that if Gen. Douglas ran, he should
have to be with him. I told him
