60
that their liberty, however, was largely reinforced by
fact that in many cases the examiners were in
error showed the power of debt journals in
the passage & get be passed them free; that this
was incomprehensible; he later however said
that it looked certainly like corruption; he did
not give an explanation. Then John W. Shawe and
denied that there was any knowledge on his
part that any debt journals were admitted
free; did he never had ever seen the examiners
Brady; that he accused his employers charged
a duty of passing goods through the customs
house and paid all duties due; that he never
had anything to do with passing duties or accounting
for goods received. Then Arnold pointed out to
him that the previous settlement was based on
the order slips & that he or his firm had
encircled facts that large amounts of goods tend
to have brought in free charged to personal account
of himself, Rodman W. & J. W. He positively denied
that were for himself; Arnold cited similar
instances of, e.g., boroughs of improvements of Richmond
pecuniary; he denied ever having ordered any
such business; he said they were received over
by him duly in his own office; he denied that
& said he had instructed nothing on the matter,
that there must have been on the firm;
he pointed out that in his case the managers
will only about 1 cash month & did he deal
with gold not know any thing about them.
he thought he would be very much surprised
at their discovery of immoral packages sent
61
he inadvertently knew all about them as did also
Brady; he said also that if indicted it would
probably run him under & put him into bonds
inability & could cause suffering to the 14,000
people employed by him; he said he was not a
rich man; A. Shawe said something about his
property amounting to 15 millions & he said he had
later put a mortgage for 10 millions. He absolutely
denied that the claim on the Samuels case rested
back with his personal actit.
Then Rodman W. came into room; he told him
the Paris reunion was conducted; said that
orders were arrived to put no passenger into
the under cars to avoid any possibility of
fraud; said that all passengers were sent in
cars by Thrillers, who is now insane; that J.
had whole charge of this matter; that he
had never paid personally for any of his
purchase; that they were passed by Paris officials;
that they were charged to his account and
later these charges were null by him; that he
never making an to such his goods several duties
& old not know; that he made no entries
but assumed that all duties were paid to
He admitted that there were demonstrable looseness
in methods of accounting but he knew nothing
of it until locked by him.
Well said the sound system was in force
today, showing them was no fraudulent intent.
Arnold denied this.
finally it was suggested that they give an
