140
May 22
Wednesday.
McAllister in N.Y. St. Agt. then sent me a letter in reply to your
comments 1) I agree in your use of "privileges" letter St. Agt. Agt only
uses the term in favor of the few more no added
cost; 2) I must doubt Rev. Soc. RR in equality with
other RRs as to traffic bet. Washington & Albany, N.Y. & St Paul.
I wrote you, to build letter for McAllister
comments adding that in any opinion the fact
that giving 2/7 privileges would put our Armies, RR
in even ground w. a foreign RR would seem to
be a sufficent reason if there were no allusion
to grant those privileges.
May 26
Wednesday.
Easton called & stayed over 1/2 hour. His ostensible reason
was to see Const. Williams & myself absent of Directors
in Rev. Bld by the Rev. Bd before the board directors
were elected. He seemed pleased that his name
was selected to form the Rev. Bld of Boston: I
later told him the Mayor of Cam. asked me and I
went over the Directors of his Bld and said
there was no name why his Bld should not be
denyied. He said he looked & seemed to do
all I could to secure a member of the Rev
Bd from Boston. I told him the President had
not consulted me on the matter & added that
I had given his name as well as my own
ment'd in my comments. He said he could
not even consider such a proposition & that
he probably didn't get it anyway. He never
said a word to me about my chance of
being appointed & thus clearly indicated his
141
opposite. Later Andrew Peters called & they went
together to my office.
6.30 P.M. Peters called at house: said he saw the
President last week & presented names of J. S. Smith
and Prob. Strayfield of Hartford but told President that
my name was on all lists & would please every body;
that the President praised me most highly but
said the Senate wanted a man on the Board
& seemed rather inclined to have ever N. England.
Peters told me thought Eaton really wanted the
place.
In evening dinner w. the Mellentwiss. Gen. Haller
was there & he said the President ought to adopt
me -- that all feelings could settle on me. Said
he would write to Burditt tomorrow and call
on him Thursday. I told him I could not let
anyone obscure to him in my behalf. He said
he fully appreciated this but what he had
to say was in behalf of N.E. & not of me
personally.
May 27
Wednesday.
Mayor Fitzgerald called: said I ought to accept position
in Rev. Bld. I said no offer had been made me. He said
he had talked it over w. Eaton who seemed friendly
but said I could not accept it. I said if offered
I would accept. He assured if he could write a see
the President. I said I had told my friends not to
ask for this, that if it came it must come
absolutely unconditioned.
