56
Mar. 9. At 4 P.M. Quincy sent word to my office that
he wanted to see me; I went there and at
once congratulated him on his appointmt saying
that at first I was worried at seeing it
in the paper but I knew of course that
he never would have accepted it had
any appointment not been absolutely
agreed upon. At this he looked so ashamed
that he fairly hung his head. He said he
won his appointmt only for 3 months and
that he telegraphed Carlisle that it must
not interfere with me; that the President
assured him it would not be changed up
to Man. He then added in a whisper
manner that my appointmt seemed to
be in some doubt and that Carlisle was
weakening; that the thing to do was to
bring person to person on Carlisle. I at
once informed him that I should use
no pressure on any one; that, relying on
his assurance that the matter was
satisfied, I had closed up my business
with his knowledge & approval and had
devoted myself to the duties of the
office, having in addition Carlisle
assurance that so far as he was
concerned it was settled; that I
was convinced that he had crowded me
57
out by taking his position. He said the President
said it would make no difference. He said
Carlisle intimated that I could have the
Commissionership of Customs but I did not
should not consider such a thing. I told
him I should decline to discuss the subject
further and was leaving the office when
Gen. Collins came in; he congratulated him
and he congratulated me; I told him it
looked as if I was not to be appointed
and he expressed the greatest surprise.
I then left Quincy and went to the
wharf to Mr George; from there I went to
the telephone in the Albany station and
telephoned D. I said that I would not
abuse my indignation at having been
tried as I was; that I should at once
write Cleveland a letter stating to him all
the facts; he said that might do and suggested
my sending it to him (2); that I
desired to do and said it would send
it to O'Neil; he didn't seem to like this
saying he should prefer to be the intermediary
but I told him I preferred O'Neil. After a
rather spirited controversy I closed.
at night he telephoned me saying he
had written and telegraphed Carlisle, Lamont
and Cleveland stating in effect that he
