326
12 Concesses. Albany sought State. Heard got
only 2 delegs in Boston certainly with
no doubt. Assuming full convention
Albany will have about 735 votes and
Heard 285. The district conventions
went for Albany except the 7th (Lynne) wh.
has surely gone for Heard and the 3rd
(Worcester), the 5th (Fowell & Southerl) and
the 8th (Cambr.) which are in doubt.
14 Me Navy telegraphed me to be sure and
have my district convention the X1 called
for a date before the State Convention.
15 Had later w. Flaherty as to Matt's
teleg. also w. Crowley of Lowell. They
advised me to ask Gaston if there
was any possible doubt as to my
election as a delegate. Flaherty said if
there was he would call the Cong.
Convention before the State Convention wh.
will force the machine to elect me
or leave the consequences on the State
Convention. I called with Gaston -- he said
there was no doubt of my election --
that Harry Nason -- whom he controlled --
had agreed to w. draw in my interest,
and that only an "act of God" etc.
prevented my election. He said John
Lin did not want to w. draw for
1904
327
16 either Downing or Matthews or me fault for
anyone and they will have trouble in
pulling him out -- but that this will
not affect me as I was sent.
Had later w. Me. Albany resolve
in State Convention. I told him we would
resist for him -- he said he did not
like this, that some time ago I had
said that an endorsement would be satisfactory
to me. I replied that at that time I
based the Heard men would all agree
to support such an endorsement but
that their recent court in attacking
him -- Albany -- so bitterly & unfairly made
a positive instruction absolutely necessary.
I told him that the present feeling
was that the unit rule should be
applied to all proceedings in the
convention and that he would be
absolutely free to w. draw his name
any time he wished and that
then the delegation would give the
State vote to any one else a majority
might agree upon. He finally
agreed to let us do as we pleased
and I told him again it would
1904
