114
Alty Enr. telephoned over that he had two men from
Wannamaker Co. in settlement of their liabilities
to Ewt. Arnold put us to arguing it. I carried of
this eminent criminality in criminal proceedings.
He did not answer directly but from what
he said I inferred he intended to dismiss
them. He said he had sent for Arnold to
discuss it. I told him I would rather to
have them explain to the Ewt jury as to their
fraud but that, of course, it was up to him
to determine.
Monday.
Arnold called; 2d Alty Enr. asked him to see
me; I told him Sec. Meadso and I had
sent a letter to Alty Enr. setting out his
views & that we must visit him; that while
my opinion had not changed I realized that
the responsibility for action was on Alty Enr.
and that he must consider every phase
including the chances of winning or losing
of criminal proceedings were decided.
Arnold said chances were certainly 4 to
1 against our winning; that practically
the only hope was to get a disagreement;
that even if we convinced them, the
judgment would be so purely circumstantial
that the Ewt. could hardly ask for and
the Court would certainly not reinstate
a man of independence; that if we
should bring the civil case it would be
115
almost impossible to prove the value of the
personal goods; that we could not get at the
tracks books of them who sold the goods to
the U.S. under French law ordered them produced;
that in present condition we believed
France & U.S. -- great entities because of new
tariff &c &c -- the tracks but certainly not
help us; that even if it did it would cost
a very material part of a dollar to secure
a dollar; that the civil settlement of
fraud was a very good one. He evidently
was inclined to accept the offer.
Alty Enr. by telephone asked if I was ready to
visit whether acceptance of two men from Wannamaker
was a good settlement of civil liability. I told
him I thought it was not wild but there were
deficiencies as soon as Holstead had requested
me it.
Ralph, Dr. Bue. long of Scranton called on an objectionable
matter. I asked him as to confidence in Bue.
following self instruction or to segregate.
He said: --
No sign has been placed on the toilet
or directed. There has been no trouble or
fection of any sort. He said he had cautioned
