58
could not accept his appointment unless
I was appointed and urging a definite
decision at once. He said he should resign
if I were not appointed but I told
him the harm was done and that he
had better stay in or he would embarass
the President. Finally he said his friends all
told him there was but one course to him
-not and that would be to resign but he
would wait until he heard from his
telegrams.
I then wrote O'Neil a long letter assuring
him to see the President and telling him
all the facts about Quincy's assurances
and Dickinson's promise. I made in it
no aspersions on Quincy but simply
stated facts. In a second letter I told
him that perhaps Dickinson Butler had
something to do with this or Hildene of
the Adventures Journal told me that Butler had
told him that I might very easily
not be appointed after all. I then
wrote a third letter continuing him
as not to move it abhar that I was
soliciting Cleveland on personal grounds
for the appointment.
I then telegraphed him positively not to
mention to Cleveland that I had had
59
any promise from Quincy at all or from
Dickinson but to urge my appointment
on general grounds.
Mar. 10
Telephoned Quincy this A.M. what I had
telegraphed O'Neil : I said he wrote long
letters to Carlisle, Lament and Cleveland
explaining the matter and that he was
confident he could straighten out the
whole matter.
In afternoon I. Telephoned that he had
just received a dispatch from Carlisle
saying that my name would go to the
Senate next week ; I said this absolutely
settled the matter ; he also said perhaps
I had better go on to Washington with
him Sunday night.
Mar. 11
Called on Quincy : he said the matter was settled
but that I had better go to Washington with
him and see the President for in case the
suggestion of my name had embarrassed the
President or Steig Carlisle, I, of course should
not can to leave the office. I told him I
would write the President a letter to that effect
which he could deliver ; I then wrote one
and showed it to Mr. Knox who advised
me not to send it. He said if I did I
