236
Gorge for James.
Moved into house on Beacon St.
19329 American Beacon Society at Tribunals on Centenn
Ritten U.S. Canada. Luc. Tuttle presided.
December
13-21 In Washington with Burtin - before Capt. Comr
representing B. & Maine RR, Canal. Pacif. RR
Grand Trunk RR, Cent. Vermont RR, Iowa Coal
Co. N.C. East Line Co. and the Locomotive
Builders of the U.S. Hon. John W. Foster
invited us to dinner also See & do the Eagle.
Called w. Burtin on Mrs. McKinley - she
reached us up stairs at end of hall at
the transom and into a room of sitting
room. She appeared almost helpless
just like a child - could talk of
nothing save herself and the President.
I said the President seemed to have
a very strong hold upon the people -
she instantly flashed up - "Not at all!
I have a hold on him - it took two
ministers to tie the knot - The American
people are not fit to have such a
man for President!
Previously when I told her it was
in Mr. Cleveland's administration she
snapped out - This is a very different
Administration from the last one!
237
I thought something was coming and
succeeded in turning the conversation
for the moment and was preparing to
leave as soon as I could decently,
when suddenly she said - "I have
very little respect for President Cleveland!
I expressed great astonishment at
this remark when she said - He came
he to make money - he came here
a poor man and he left a very
rich man! I could not stand that
- although the woman was plainly out of
her senses - and said Mrs. McKinley, it
is not necessary for me to say any-
thing to you about Mr. Cleveland's
character, but I can tell you and it
is my duty to tell you as a personal
intimate friend of Mr. Cleveland that
however he came here, he did not
leave Washington a rich man - that
some one has been delivering you.
She crowded like a child and said
- any how, that is his reputation!
I said I did not agree with her
as to that, but that I was very glad
to be able to tell her she was very
much mistaken as to the fact.
She acted like a whiskered child
