32
Secy. Grant w. East Atty. Gen. Grant, U.S. Secy. Gen. Davis
Mr. Kinsey, Genl. Secy N.Y. W. Post, Mr. Willert, coach, of
London Times, Mr. Bemill, Judge of Justice, Mr. Transbaster of
Gen. Grant, & Dr. Alberty, Sec. of Treasury.
Wednesday. C.P.R. thus two 1 hry appealed to me directly
to permit tea -- see page 29 -- to be delivered at
Chicago instead of N.Y. Letter of two 1 hry said,
"or rather it was preferable to me that
1, send to East. Genl. Grant that the agent at Chicago
with C.P.R. he would harmonize it if scale
was broken. Gilman said Halstead said he
regretted having referred an inquiry to
another scale on account of peculatity of $25.
Gilman said this peculatity had been denied
to Amos. P.M. two years ago and published in
J.D. Discussion. I said if this were so to
permit letter in accord. Thirteenth ministry a
statement to N.Y. Gilman said it was
perfectly horrible thatinkertion had paid
a low freight rate for tea's shipment to
N.Y. -- much lower than local rate to
Chicago & by change of destination had come
hurrying to secure benefit of this lower rate; also
that importer might think the tea was of
such character that it might be rejected
at N.Y. but accepted at Chicago.
Letter sent ordering inquiry at N.York.
33
A few days ago Sept. 4th Wheatley applied out an
official letter to Washington Anthony Luddele of N.Y.
from him supplied position under City Laws effect to
his old position of Lieutenant Judge under St. Cops
Genl. at N.Y. Reason given in letter was that Luddele
won an able lawyer whose services were needed in
the City courts. W. Grant down w. his letter -- I assured
wh. Luddele was a Genl. in Rebel. -- He sued a Rebel.
but his services were needed in directly business
purposes. I then sued all night private civil
law -- to current is business. A day or so
later a letter came from City Secy. Grant informing
to current to remove & promising out that whole
Luddele was Genl. Cops in N.Y. in 1911 he was a
distress Rep. leader & had attended State Convention
as an absolute violator of law. Gen. Genl. Whistle; that
law asked Wheatley to recommend & instructed him
& order him to resign from his political position:
that they already pointed out that he was deserving
the law & arrested for his removal: that this
year he gave out, violating the law even after
notice was that he was daily effecting an
agreement to an excellent partner; that he
then demanded him to accept position in
City Genl. debt; that he came accused Wheatley
to remove him complaining that on a deliberate
violation of law he had been promoted to
an accepted position: that City Genl. returned to
remove him & said he was not then violating
the law.
Wheatley never entertained to me anything about
