138
I also sent out circular regarding Bons to buy
up from charges on Nat. Bank currency sent
in for redemption of the notes sent in were
fit for receipt. Carberry examined statutes
& was satisfied that Bons could buy or sell
notes in all Nat. Bank notes sent in with
fit or unfit. In 1879 Sec. Sherman issued
such an order, but in 1881 modified it to
apply only to notes with were fit for
receipt; later the reversed this ordering.
About 1/3 of Nat. Bank notes sent in for
redemption are fit for receipt & thus always
will probably keep them out of circulation
and save draw on Treasury gold in redeeming
them. I found Treasury often had too much
notes by checks etc. could be returned
at suit Treasury for gold. I directed them
as far as possible we should buy our
then notes by shipping lawful money.
About two millions will greatly reduce
Treasury gold.
See my letter to Sec. Meader and to Dr.
Warburg as to them & on to suggested bond
issue or certifies of indebtedness.
The great financial act of 1900 which
created a gold reserve of 150 millions,
failed to provide any means for raising
free gold to maintain the treaty clause
and under it we cannot use this gold
except as long as them is any free gold
in the Treasury
At my suggestion the Nat. Res. Act Sec 26-
139
given authority to create gold bonds or gold
notes to secure their party.
Compt. Williams sends letter addressed to Secy showing
the condition of Nipp Bank, that it leaves little or
nothing in currency. paper, but largely in investment
securities & mortgages debenture in N.Y. in Nat.
City Bank; says their claim that business men
in District will suffer if no debenture is made
against tax payers or federal & ministers.
[This Bank never made such claim, he sends
said this Bank loaned letters on corn, paper, he
Elmer Pardt in letter to Secy said its customers
paid 1/5th of the taxes and that the Bank could
be injured by not being given a share of
their debenture.]
The Secy called me up from N.Y. this Aim to ask
about proposed casement to N.Y. City to bind subways
under the P.C. I told him of Warburg's letter
as to coming certificates of indebtedness & what I
thought of it; he said he will not sign
them. I told him I had the gold situation
well in hand & could give him at least a
certified note in advance of any critical
situation.
