86
student appeared in the letter. He said he
would leave it up with the President, and
Wednesday, well, Council of Warmanaker called
and I told him that Dr Macdougal and I
had reached the conclusion that we
could not advise the Alty. En. to dismiss
the Grant Jury proceedings in view of the
record. He said Arnold talked to him of a
settlement of the press. goods by part of
$10000. I said I had no authority even
to discuss this matter asped by Alty En. and
the matter had not been mentioned by him
to me.
Sec. H. said he had told Mr. Pridt about
morning Peter Ant Sec. but that he thought
it could not be wise politically to leave
two from Dean. also that he had some
doubts as to Pelcins industry and capacity
for hard constant work.
Sec. H. told me in absolute confidence that Gen. Bay and
Hall had reiterated to President that Huerta's discharge
was surely a question of time; that the Embarkations
had plenty of money & if they could only buy
ammunition the thing was practically decided of
success; that the calls at Nagalry Augusta
was very strict an forbidding exhibit of
what he called Mountains of iron and was
probably seven or eight hundred tons
would shut up black Sam F. brand for civilian
Jan 13
Jan 14
87
and that he looked its elimination would not
be concluded. He then said seriously that the
Court looked on could be reasonably expected
as the prohibition of exhortation of what were
called Mountains of iron a very confiscate
phrase -- was now a direct blow on success of
Embarkations.
I told Sec. H. that the clearance of vessels was
under control of Sec. of Commerce -- the collection
acting under him. He asked me to bring matter
to attention of Sec Redfield.
also assured me to call later at Nagalry to
work. to be sure he was not entirely alone
in intercederates of Mountains of Iron
but.
Sec. H. again showed of above.
also assured me to review disputes with Mass &
leave Debitt on to who, under new Civil Law
the Texas, or Texas should collect bills
through Pan. Canal & on to system of accounting
and to submit my conclusion direct to
Pridt.
also, at request of Crawford Willard, asked me to
review dismissal of two negroes from Custodian
force of Atlanta Eastern Houses involving a
charge of segregate
David w. James Ruffin: Burnett H., Jeffroid (Union
nebraska), Adam and the
7 another soldiers
