50
called me on telephones and asked me to come to
his house in evening to a conference at his house
at 8.30. Went thence to General Sherman, Hulkin,
Powerscut and Shefroth. The Sec. strongly opposed
the legal tender plan also the clause allowing
member banks to hold reserve notes in their
reserves. Gen. Sherman said he had just left the
President who said that while he was not
hurried to combat the legal tender idea
he thought at this time for tactical reasons
it was inopportune; that when the time
was reached this idea be considered as a
second step. Gen. Sherman said he would be
judged by the wishes of the President on that
act, except probably Gen. Powerscut; he said
also the President said he could not object to
allowing Trust Co & State Banks to continue to
hold Nat Bk notes in their reserves.
Mr. Meador assured me what I thought of
the legal tender idea & I said that if you
accepted the idea as to guarantees it will
loyalty follow you still accept it as to
all other similar notes, such as pro-honed new
gold notes to redeem Treasury Nat Bk. notes,
silver certificates, gold certificates; that I feared
making the old reserve notes legal tender would
prevent the steady redemption the new act
sought to secure -- see my letter to Sec. --; that
I thought the Nat Bk notes at times were
redeemable & that the new gold notes could
be as fixed as the Nat Bk notes and no
contract could be possible. Gen. Sherman denied
51
any redemption in Nat. Bk. notes -- that was an
answer to my statement that as his plan in the
draft called for 100 per cent gold behind such gold
notes it would be better to use the gold to cancel
the Nat Bk notes outright; finally I said that
if the Republicans brought the legal tender idea
the more troublesome of the territorial majority
precluded a fair. chance, no matter how
legal the plan was & that if I even a preclude
I could sell everything before such announcement.
This seemed to influence all them equally. Gen.
Sherman & it was agreed he should consider the
Republican's on the Bancs.
Gen. Shefroth said in the West it was very
difficult to get legal tender C.O.S. to offer to redeem
an option & he informed me with the use of
making silver certificates gold certificates at their legal
value finally he suggested borrowing the Nat. Res.
Notes redeemable by the Banks in gold or lawful
money but by the Treasury in Gold. I assured him
if he could agree to have the act changed so
that the Bks must redeem the Treasury in
gold of the Treasury pay its gold in redeeming
their notes. He said yes, & Gen. Meador said it
could we would not object to this change
on about understanding.
Monday
Mr. Arnold, Shur. Ant. to Alty Gen. in Washington
can called by appoint and went over the
criminal behavior of the suit. He has no doubt
of the personal guilt of the Washingtoners but
realizes that it will be very difficult and
52
