314
this remarks answered to say the least.
( Note Mr. Connell saw McNary and he
said that the Eastern men told him
that I had said that if Easterns would
announced himself as a cand. again
task to have Mr. Sweney put on the
Exce. Conc. as Secy it ought to be done.
This made McNary mad. Mr C. Id
undoubtedly the Easterns would told
MeN. this in order to prejudice him
versus me. As a matter of fact it did
not tell Quincy, Mr Sweney, or any
one that under about circumstances
he should vote for Mr Sweney or that
he should be made Secy, if merely Id.
if I wanted him, as an announced
candidat he should come out and
say so, the multiplication being that
unless a cand. again he had no
right to make such a request of
the Exce Conc.)
McNary made a motion that the
names of all cand's for deleg. at
large be put upon 1 ballot to be
inspected by Exce. Conc. Quincy
protested vs this & MeN. temporarily
a drawn motion.
315
Mr.19. Sat. Meeting Exce. Connell. Crowley of Denver
moved that Exce. Connell put upon a ballot in
alphabet. order of all names of cand's for
deleg. at large - Id. names to be sent to
4cc. at a fixed time before Convention &
no cand's not on ballot to be entitled
to be ballatted for. Quincy protested - said
Booth, machinist and two or 3 other
men who might be cand's could never
brand in their names for such a ballot
& that they could fight it in the Convention.
Crowley asked who the men were but
2 gave no answer. Finally the motion was
amended so that the Exce. Connell should
put upon a ballot w. all names on it
they knew of, but that this would not
prevent any cand. from having a
ballot of his own. Hackett, the Chairman
Exce. Connell finally ruled C's first
motion to be beyond the powers of
the Connell and finally as changed
the motion was passed.
Then Hackett Id next bus. was election
of presiding officer. Id. he did not
desire the position but could not decline
it if elected. John S. then proposed
N. Matthews Jr. Quincy seconded - said it
was most desirable to have men not
