26
Belknap & knew nothing about it until Meador
told me, except that Gen. Lee Maloney told me
an day at breakfast that he had been in
Boston and told recommend Bellings (in section
2.20)
see Meador asked me about Bellings & I said
that whilst I did not know him at all
well I had the highest opinion of his
capacity & integrity & believed it to be a
fine appointment from the point of view
of character & capacity, but that it
it would not be agreeable to the organization
Sept 10
Wednesday.
Protests continue to come in against Bellings.
Andrew Petter told Secretary in my presence
that he might not to appoint him well
of opposition of State machine, Congressman
but Andrew was evidently scared by the
work Petter said all the appointments would
have done fast died apart in Hudson but
Mayor Ditty bitterly objected who three Hudson
and
see Meador told me he should not yield on such
& assured me to go right down to the Senate to
see Gen Lodge & leave him with nothing to
say to Bellings. At once called on Gen Lodge who said
"His appointment could be a great mistake, that he
had not yet got along w. anyone, that he had
heard he was very mild in early life, the
act went the one who would rather be
his assistant with. he believed to be a very
27
practise out; he said however so long as he
was concerned he had no intention of supporting
his emigration, answered Gen. Lodge raised
no objection, unless of course changes were asked
against him etc. in investigating himself he
unfit. He told me to reach Washington in telegrams
& humble, he thought he had gone to Boston.
Gen Lodge did he understand no objection either
to Maynard or Mallory (Surveyor & but Rec cover)
and could nothing as to Naval officer (Nash or
N.H.) as that went to N.H. altogether thought it
ought not to go there.
went back to Kearney & then got letters in
telephone at Boston: he said he would introduce
no objection to Bellings, altogether opinion of him
was exactly what I told Gen Lodge send to
me, now to Mallory nor Maynard.
Gen Lodge raised no objection to calling on
representatives of Graves, Surveyor and Syfords, Naval
officers; said Neil Curtis had hotel duty, the
sub-measure he might to resign at once.
see Meador said if the Surveyor & Naval officer
had not resigned when asked he should have
given publicity of me. that he had asked
resignation of Surveyor bill. of the dress money
frauds in his division on grounds that which
of course not personally cognizant of them he
must be held responsible, and as to Naval
officer the good of the service demanded
a change as this officer cost 4 cents to collect
a dollar on apart only 2 1/2 at Philadelphia & that
the 4th must be cut down & he believed
