56
whether the evidence at hand raised a
strong suspicion of guilty knowledge in
practitioners, my opinion when reached by further
study of the report, might be different;
that in my present study I certainly did not
advise him not to turn the matter over and
I advised him to go ahead. I then said that if
I were Attorney Gen. I should feel debarred to
act since able lawyers, well versed in
criminal law and also customs law, to
read the report carefully and give him
opinion as to what it showed.
with Attorney Gen. again discussed with
Arnold the possibility of getting at the records
books. Finally the Attorney Gen. said he would
like to have some able member of the bar
to read the report and one with a knowledge
of customs & criminal law and get his
opinion; he said he wanted some man of
such standing & stability as would command
credit to all fair men; he asked me if I
knew of any such man & I said the last
man I could think of was Wallace Macdonald
of N.Y. He asked Arnold if he would agree
to such a course the said it could be
most agreeable to him as he had him so
worked up in the details of the case
that it would be helpless to have some
budget item omitted so over his subject.
The Attorney Gen. then asked me if I would
57
ask Mac Donald to come down & see him and I
said I would.
Going over the case again Arnold said that
in spite of his feeling as to the guilt of the U.S.
yet he felt bound to say that on the question of
being able to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt
the chances were 4 to 1 against success.
The voting papers say that the Democratic members of the
sen. financial committee adopted the Republican suggestion,
attacked by me, of moving the fed reserve notes
redeemable by the Res. Banker in gold or lawful
money, but by the Treasury in gold only as
demanded.
Wednesday. Went over Washingtons case w. S. McAllister; he
asked me as to salient features of the report and he
said that an indictment should be brought; he
said it would be ridiculous to indict the examiner
and to let the man together with so free; that the
man said that we might not be able to bring
the case beyond a reasonable doubt was no
reason for not prosecuting as there was enough
evidence to convict a very strong prosecutor, even
a moral conviction of guilt; that the fact
that the evidence was heavily circumstantial
was no reason for heretofore as this was
especially the case even in murder cases.
I advised him to see the Attorney Gen. at once
& he said he would; I also advised him not
to send over Mac Donald until he had seen
the Attorney Gen.
