412
use on civil day as Whiting had hubbily
stated he could stand no money on that
point & it could not have in a ridiculous
position. I did further I still not often
him a delay at large as we had no author-
ity to do so and any way I could not ask
him on such terms - if he could not give
for love of the Party he old declined.
I asked D. why he would $15,000 when
the City Dennis sold him in 1904 for
$5000. I said - cost of living has increased!
Later it appeared that Stebb. summoned D.
who said he was "absolutely out of politics"
Act. 30
Tom Douglas sued by Lewis of Boston
Theatre for $400 sued for use of theatre
at 1904 Common wh. omitted Douglas.
verdict for $472. I was summoned by
Deft. I said word from Steffens to
Douglas that he ought to pay this. S.
said D. will give this money to Douglas
for this land he shut it on old debts
of party - rent of Albany building in the
Yorktown campaign. I said this did not
relieve D. from moral liability to protect
his friends who had worried for him
from the array and of hanging around
Court, & to protect the name of the Party
413
2nd D. told me he could furnish his cause-
-notes & that considering all I had done
for him he ought to settle this claim
or at least purchase it & thus he did
give Douglas to his heart's content. So. said D.
& telephoned me he could buy nothing but
2d he could see him again next day. The
next day - the day of trial - he telephoned
my office that Ev. D. could not buy.
At the trial I testified that I was at
meeting of City Comm. July 29. I think,
which resulted to satisfy Committee action in
leaving the theatre: (the record showed that
at that meeting I moved to adjourn).
Judge Hardy charged the Jury that every
member of City Comm. who voted to leave
the theatre or refuse its lease was
liable: that Douglas did have telegraphed
abstention morning the other members
of the City Comm. parties but as he had
not done this he was person liable.
I told Mr. Steffens to Tom Douglas that if I
had a chance on stand I should say
I could collect the money myself
to save name of Party. Had no objection
to Court to do this however. Without
I had no recollection of the claim and
did not remember who or not Douglas
was present at the meeting.
