46
of the scramble for offices as political spoils.
I wrote long letter to Moorfield Storey accepting
the position and defining my views upon
Civil Service Reform.
(See from letter book for copy.)
Dec. 19 Dinner of Y.M.C.A. Club at Amur House. I spoke.
Elected Vice-President of Young Men's Y.M.C.A. Club
(4 S. B. 5990)
"27" Appt'd on a Comm to see that Man Comm't
Practice Act as to returns of money spent
it was enforced.
"29" Interview with Josiah Quincy: id he wrote
Cleveland recom. me for his priv. Sec'y: had
just retired from N.Y. where he had run
much of Cleveland; he, (C.) spoke to Q.
about it saying that he thought it was a
man of too strong opinions to be his
Secretary; that he wanted a man of no
opinions -- some steady plodding man
like Lamont. Q. then suggested my name
as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and he
rd. C. seemed to be very much pleased w.
the idea. Q. told me that, unless Carlisle
-- who would probably be Sec'y of Treasury,
had actually promised the appointment
to others, and unless Man. should be
given a cabinet position, there was a
strong probability that I would be
47
offend this position.
Gen. Russell wrote to Cleveland Carlisle strongly
endorsing me for Ass't Sec'y of Treasury. O'Neil,
Andrew and Hoar also wrote Carlisle or saw
him: Hoar and O'Neil worried especially hard
for me. Hoar intrested Ben. Cable of Illinois
who said he would intercede for me. David A.
Wells said he had written Carlisle that he
could not afford to do without me. Also
Senator Mills wrote me he would be glad to
help me. When I wrote Gen. Ford Williams he
replied he would be glad to speak a word
for me for "some place in the Treasury Dept
involving Customs work"; as I had strict
mentioned Ass't Sec'yship, I was afraid he
did not favor my candidacy so I wrote
for O'Neil to "sound" him; O'Neil wrote back
that he had seen him and that he was
sincerely in my favor.
Quincy wrote Sen. Carlisle and received a
letter from his son saying the Sen. would be
publicly willing that President Cleveland
should appoint me to the position.
Quincy also told me that when last in
New York he had spoken to Ludlow C.
