30
at Chicago with us at N.Y., its destruction, it would be
liable to a fine of $25 on its board. This telegram
was forwarded in Capt. Dunn; I had nothing to do
with the matter except to sign the telegram which
passed before me.
Mr. Curt R.R. writes to me asking that certain
tracks at Baltimore be discont'd, also that such
by right be allowed; this was discont'd by
Capt. Del. Coates.
Thursday, Mr. Maher called at Hall; said the
Canada, N.Y. bond for carrying baggage to border would
reach me today; said no authority under law
for it and that a similar bond obtained on
Seabell Cent. R.R a year or two ago was never
published in Mass. Press. Said also L.J. Act
gave all needed privileges to border R.Rs, and
that Consular scaling no longer necessary except
so far as it dispensed with necessity for
entry. (Brown in Mass. says under L.J. entries
generally along border, no examination required.)
Told Sec. McAdoo of Maher's calls on me &
asked if he thought it wise to allow him to
come to me over head of Service; I said he
had given me valuable information as to
practicts of the division & that he was in that
when I was here before. Sec. M. said he thought
I should use my discretion & permit it if
I thought it helpful.
I told him as to fact of Railroad bond
not being published as one of the things Maher
had given me valuable information about
31
I also told him about Richmond. Newport Centres
very dry, said I had been counsel for B.M. Cent.
and R.Rs of Nor. N.Y. including Grand Trunk and
C.P.R., and that I felt that there were many
loose practices along Canadian border which
must be discont'd; that the Canada R.Rs
would bitterly object. He said he would
back me to the finish in enforcing the laws,
only to keep him informed from time to time.
So he could know in a general way what
the decisions were.
Friday. The bond of Canada, N.Y. R.R has just come in
to my desk, -- it is not Mr. Maher's shape about. I
passed the letter to ask the Customs how under what
authority of law such a bond old be authorized by
the Dept. Later he said there was no authority, --
merely international custom. I then asked if any
similar bonds had been approved in the past. He
negarded & said none. (Maher said Burblee Central bond
had been approved). I then asked by the entire record
Saturday evening, Ant. Alty, Gen. Division came to my
room in hotel & at his request I looked over
my suit. At deficit of $111, cause this vol 2-14 and
the deposit, without index, since then.
Tuesday, Before Conference Comm. w. Sec. McAdoo. He
passed me to explain Cent. Adm. Audits, which in the
stand 2 1/2 hours. Sec. Williams in sit agent must
of our suggestions. Was at first rather savage but
at end was turned down.
